THE BALLAD OF BUSTER SCRUGGS

Written by
Joel Coen and Ethan Coen

1.
FADE IN
Close on a heavy volume, morocco-bound. To the extent that
the book does not fill the screen we see that it rests on a
knotty, oaken table.
A hand enters the bottom of the frame and opens the book to
the title page. With its opposite page the cream-colored
vellum now fills the screen. The title reads:
The Ballad Of Buster Scruggs
And Other Tales of the American Frontier
--With Color Plates-The page is turned again. The page on the left side is the
table of contents, the page on the right is the list of color
plates.
Without pausing the unseen hand turns the page again to the
title page of the first story:
The Ballad of Buster Scruggs
We hold for the briefest moment and the page is turned again
to reveal a translucent sheet of rice paper, which is itself
turned to reveal a full color illustration in the style of
N.C. Wyeth.
From a low angle the picture shows a burly outlaw rising to
his feet from his place at a saloon card table. His right
hand hovers over his holstered six-gun, a toothpick is
clenched between his yellowed teeth.
Objects on the table have been knocked askew by the sudden
movement. The players around him all look off toward the
object of the burly man’s ire, who occupies our (the
viewer’s) perspective.
We travel down to a caption below the illustration:
“You seen ‘em, you play em,” sneered the hard man.
The page turns once more to a full page of text which begins:
None heard it, but the man’s voice
carried through the crisp morning air,
just outside of Mexican Hat. His horse
clip-clopped, it seemed, in time...
Dissolve from the page to:

2.
EXT. MONUMENT VALLEY - DAY
Panoramic view of Monument Valley. Mighty towers of red
sandstone rise from the desert floor below. We hear only the
sound of the wind.
Then, distantly, singing. A tiny figure just visible to the
naked eye, dressed in white and riding a white horse, has
cornered a huge archway of stone.
Close on the rider, Buster Scruggs. His white clothing and
ten-gallon hat are blindingly clean. He has one leg drawn up
to rest on the pommel and a guitar resting on the leg. He
strums as he sings, smiling.
He finishes the song, holding the last note. Then he hooks
the guitar over the saddle horn and picks up the reins. He
addresses the camera as he continues to ride.
BUSTER
A song never fails to divert m’mind
during a long day’s ride out here
in the West, where distances’re
great and the scenery monotonous.
Additionally, m’pleasing baritone
seems t’inspirit good ol’ Dan,
keepin’ him in good heart through
the day’s measure of hoofclops.
Ain’t that right, Dan?
A confirming Huntz Hall from the horse.
BUSTER (CONT’D)
Maybe y’all’ve heard a me, Buster
Scruggs——known to some as the San
Saba Songbird. I got other handles,
nicknames, appelations and
cognoments...
He is reaching into his necessary bag and draws from it a
wanted poster with a picture of himself with his name printed
beneath, and beneath that, “The Misanthrope.”
BUSTER (CONT’D)
... but this’n here I don’t
consider t’be even halfways earned.
I don’t hate m’fellow man even when
he’s tiresome’n surly’n tries to
cheat at poker. Why I figure that’s
just the human material...
He crumples the handbill and tosses it over his shoulder.

3.
BUSTER (CONT’D)
... and himmet finds in it cause
for anger’n dismay is just a fool
for expectin’ better. Ain’t that
right, Dan?
Another Huntz Hall.
BUSTER (CONT’D)
... Well folks, unless I grievously
misremember, there’s a little
cantina on the other side of yon
rimrocks, and if I’m in luck it’ll
be customers there amenable to
drawin’ up in a circle round a deck
a cards. Git up now! Haw!
INT. CANTINA - DAY
The door creaks open and Buster Scruggs takes in the humble
establishment: a slow pan shows a rude small-windowed place
with rough wood appointments and a planktop bar. The few hardlooking men drinking there have stopped to look up at the
visitor.
Buster Scruggs claps his hat against his clothes, raising a
fine dust. He addresses the bartender.
BUSTER
Like me a splash a whiskey ter wash
this traildust offen my gullet’n
keep m’singin’ voice in fettle.
The bartender slowly shakes his head.
BARTENDER
Dry county. Whiskey’s illegal.
Buster looks around at the other customers.
BUSTER
What’re they drinkin’?
Whiskey.

BARTENDER

A beat during which Buster tries to square the information.
The bartender explains:
BARTENDER (CONT’D)
... They’s outlaws.

4.
BUSTER
Well don’t let m’white duds’n
pleasant demeanor fool ya, I too
have been known to violate the
statutes a man——and not a few a the
laws a the Almighty.
The hardest of the hard men seated nearby gives a derisive
chuckle.
HARD MAN
Hew ain’t no outlaw.
Buster turns to face him. The man, chewing a toothpick,
offers calculated provocation:
HARD MAN (CONT’D)
... And we don’t drink with
tinhorns.
Buster meets the taunt with a smile.
BUSTER
Sir, it seems you are no better a
judge of human bein’s than you are
a specimen of one. Just on a brief
inventory I’d say you could use
yourself a shave and a brighter
disposition and lastly if you don’t
mind me aspersin’ your friends a
better class of drinkin’ buddies.
The man grunts. His companions grunt, looking at Buster in
surprise and pity. The hard man, mouth clamped on his
toothpick, slowly rises, gunhand poised beside his holster.
Buster is completely relaxed, hands at his sides. The hard
man sneers:
HARD MAN
Your shootin’ iron work?
In less time than it takes to tell, Buster draws and shoots
the man in the head and twirls his gun and reholsters it.
The hard man, a neat hole in his forehead, stands on his feet
for a suspended moment, not yet aware that he is dead.
BUSTER
Appears to do, yes.
The hard man drops.
His friends stare, stunned.

5.
As one, they leap to their feet hauling out guns.
Buster redraws his and, fanning the hammer, lays the men down
with four quick shots. He cocks the hammer one last time and
for some reason whips the gun round to point it backward
under his left armpit.
He holds that odd posture for a long moment, then slowly
turns his head to look back over his left shoulder.
Behind him, the bartender is frozen in the act of reaching
down a shotgun from over the bar.
The two men have eye contact.
Buster winks at the bartender and——BLAM!——fires.
One man from among the group at the table is not dead. He
crawls pitifully toward the door of the cantina. Buster,
surprised, looks at the camera.
BUSTER (CONT’D)
Appears that the vitals of this
lucky sonofagun remain
unpunctured——sloppy shootin’ on my
part!
The man’s groaning and scraping sounds are the only noise in
the cantina.
BUSTER (CONT’D)
... But the nearest human
habitation is a day’s ride away,
three days on foot, ‘n lord alone
knows how many on your belly. I
suspect that wolves’n gila
monsters’ll save me on ammo. Adios,
amigo. Puts me in mind of a song...
EXT. CANTINA - DAY
Buster fetches up onto his horse and pulls out his guitar. He
sings “Lonesome Cowboy” as he sets out from the cantina.
Behind him we can see the dying man hauling himself out the
doorway into the vast dustiness of the desert.
EXT. A TOWN - DAY
Buster finishes the song as he travels the town’s one dusty
street. He puts up his guitar.

6.
BUSTER
Frenchman’s Gulch. This town is new
to me. But I ain’t never knowed
nothin’ French to be dry.
INT. SALOON - DAY
Buster enters. It is everything he could have hoped for:
smokey air, flocked wallpaper, somewhere a piano playing, and
several tables set about where men play cards. The place is
crowded with drinkers, poker-players, hell-raisers.
VOICE
Hang on, son...
The voice belongs to a man behind a small counter by the
swinging doors. He taps to indicate a small sign on the
facing of the counter: CHECK FIREARMS HERE.
VOICE (CONT’D)
... House policy.
Buster amiably unhitches his gunbelt.
BUSTER
Here’s the six-shooters...
He bends down to pull a derringer from each boot.
BUSTER (CONT’D)
... Now’re you gonna be wantin’ the
señiorita pistols as well?
CHECKER
Everthang, ‘cludin’ knives.
BUSTER
Never partial to knives. I ain’t
much for workin’ in close.
As he strolls away:
BUSTER (CONT’D)
... Feel a bit naked but I guess
with ever one similarly
disadvantaged there’s scant chance
of misadventure. Hello!
He is reacting to a man rising at a nearby table and tossing
down his cards.
I’m out.

MAN

7.
As he stalks away Buster slides into his chair.
BUSTER
This is well timed. You gentlemen
mind if I take his spot?
A surly man directly across answers:
ANGRY MAN
Iffen you play his hand.
Buster picks up the five face-down cards and looks: aces and
eights. A beat.
BUSTER
I would prefer not to.
Another man, in a vest and with a small neatly waxed
mustache, has a French accent:
FRENCHMAN
It is too late. You have regarded
ze cards.
SURLY MAN
You seen ‘em. You play ‘em.
BUSTER
I ain’t anted.
FRENCHMAN
Ze uzzer hombre anted.
SURLY MAN
You seen ‘em. You play ‘em.
BUSTER
And what if I don’t?
The surly man rises. He has a gun in his hand. He aims it
across the table.
SURLY MAN
Play them cards, fancy dan.
The table——the entire establishment——falls silent.
BUSTER
Can’t no one compel a man to engage
in recreation, and certainly not a
sonofagun as ill-humored as
yourself.

8.
He rises slowly, holding his hands away from his sides as a
sign that he is unarmed.
BUSTER (CONT’D)
... Second place, m’horse’s Dan,
I’m Buster——Buster Scruggs. And
third place——
SURLY MAN
Buster Scruggs? The Runt from Reata
Pass!
He pulls back the hammer on the gun, smiling.
SURLY MAN (CONT’D)
... And dis-pistoled!
Buster looks at the gun, looks at the man.
BUSTER
I do hail from Reata Pass which is
in the county of San Saba, bein’
the which-a-why “The San Saba
Songbird” is m’sobriquet of
preference. But right now I would
appreciate it if you would place
your weapon in that receptacle by
the swingin doors, which concealin’
it on your person in the first
place was a violation of the rules
of this establishment and an
offense against local norms.
The surly man chuckles. He aims the gun toward the middle of
Buster’s chest.
SURLY MAN
And iff’n I don’t?
Buster raises one leg and stamps smartly on the near side of
the table. The far side flips up, knocking the man’s gunhand
upward to discharge into his face.
The table settles and the hand drops, still clutching the
gun. The surly man’s face is half shot away.
Buster stamps two more times in quick succession, slamming
the gunhand up for two more shots.
The Frenchman is spattered with blood. The ceiling gets a
splat of blood and brains.
The man lingers on his feet long enough for us to look at his
chewed-away face, then drops.

9.
A hard man nearby looks on in shock. He is Ike.
Joey...?

IKE

He rushes over to the body. Buster addresses the camera.
BUSTER
I’m not a devious man by nature but
when you’re unarmed your tactics
might gotta be downright
Archimedean.
He looks around.
BUSTER (CONT’D)
... Now what happened to the music?
The piano starts up again. Buster goes over to place a foot
up on the piano stool and join the bowlered, cigar-chomping
piano player in a raucous song, “Surly Joe the Gambler” The
whole saloonful of rakehells and bawds joins in on the
chorus.
We intercut Ike kneeling beside the face-shot gambler,
cradling his head and trying to mop the ever-flowing blood
from his face with a bandana. Ike pauses occasionally,
weeping, to wring blood from the bandana. It is sad visual
counterpoint to the joyously upbeat song. Finally Ike’s
keening voice breaks up the music:
IKE
Joe! Surly Joe! He’s gawn! We’ve alost’m!
He lurches tearfully over to Buster.
MAN
... You kilt my brother, you
cowardly, sonofabitch! Gunned ‘im
down when he wasn’t hardly lookin’!
BUSTER
I can cut you a little slack,
grievin’ as you are, but the fact
is Buster Scruggs don’t shoot
nobody in the back and that sorry
sack a bones was more in the nature
of a suicide.
Ike is taken aback.

10.
IKE
You’re Buster Scruggs?! The West
Texas Twit?
For the first time Buster loses his smile.
Everyone around tenses.
Buster clears his throat and, with an effort, recovers his
smile.
BUSTER
Presume you meant to say “The West
Texas Tit”——on account of that
p’ticular bird’s mellifluous
warble.
IKE
Call yerself any damn name you
please! I wanna see you outside——
wearin’ iron!
EXT. SALOON - DAY
Buster is stepping down off the boardwalk into the street,
addressing the camera.
BUSTER
Things have a way of escalatin’ out
here in the West with one thing
leadin’ to another, but I think I
can make pretty short work of this
ramified ol’ sonofagun.
In the deep background, planted in the middle of the street,
Ike bellows:
IKE
Scruggs! Scru-u-u-u-u-uggs! I’m acallin’ you out!
BUSTER
Well hang in there, pardner, I just
need to buckle on this toolbelt
here.
He finishes doing so. Ike is poised, right hand hovering at
his holster.
Buster smiles at him.
BUSTER (CONT’D)
... Are ya ready?

11.

Ready!

IKE

BUSTER
Are ya set?
Set!

IKE

BUSTER
Ya need you a count?
Na’sir!

IKE

In less time than it takes to tell, Buster draws and fires.
Oddly, Ike screams but does not drop. He raises his right
hand——gouting blood from where the index finger used to be.
BUSTER
Hard to trigger with them other
fingers, but...
He fans the hammer, shooting four more times.
Ike’s hand: his other three fingers are shot off in quick
succession, followed by his thumb.
On the dusty street, the digits plop to the ground.
BUSTER (CONT’D)
... you cain’t be too careful.
Ike, screaming, looks at his stumpy hand spewing blood. He
starts to reach awkwardly with his left hand for his rightholstered gun.
BUSTER (CONT’D)
Uh-oh. Looks like when they made
this fella they forgot to put in
the quit! Lemme see here, five
fingers at a bullet a piece, I
ain’t got but the one bullet left.
For some reason Buster turns to face the other way up the
street, presenting his back to screaming Ike.
Close on Buster we can see Ike small in the background,
twisting his hips and reaching across his body to clumsily
start withdrawing his gun.
BUSTER (CONT’D)
Sure hope I don’t miss.

12.
Buster takes a small mirror out of his pocket with his left
hand. He holds it up to sight in as he aims his gun upsidedown and backwards over his right shoulder.
BUSTER (CONT’D)
... Lesee, his heart’d be on the
left side but the mirror puts it
right, cepting for we is facing the
same way and the gun is upside
down. So, um...
Ike has his gun out and raises it, screaming.
BUSTER (CONT’D)
... maybe it’s best not to play it
fancy.
BAM!
Ike pitches backward into the street. There is a hole in the
middle of his chest.
Buster Scruggs enters a low shot to gaze down at the body. He
remembers the mirror he still holds and, as he starts to
pocket it:
BUSTER (CONT’D)
Cause for reflection——heh-heh.
Well, this whole entire episode
puts me in mind of a song.
He sucks in his breath but before it can issue out in song we
hear someone else’s singing, faint but sweet.
Surprised, Buster looks around for the source of the singing.
Riding up the road is a handsome young man accompanying
himself on guitar as he sings.
Buster walks over to meet the oncoming rider who finishes his
song and puts up his guitar.
THE KID
Buster Scruggs?
BUSTER
The same. You got a mighty sweet
singin’ voice, pardner.
THE KID
That’s high praise——from the San
Saba Songbird, Herald of Demise.

13.
Buster smiles, flattered on a point of pride. The rider
returns an innocent smile.
RIDER
... Mr. Scruggs, I been huntin’ you
on account a they say you’re the
one to beat, a-singin’ and aslingin’ guns.
EXT. STREET - DAY
A minute later. Buster sadly shakes his head as he paces into
the foreground, pushing bullets into his six-shooter.
BUSTER
Another young fella with something
to prove.
Behind him in the background a couple of men are dragging
Ike’s corpse away by the ankles, and the young man is taking
his place in the middle of the street.
BUSTER (CONT’D)
I gotta set m’self up in the
undertaking bidnis——stop doin’ all
the skillwork so’s another man can
profit.
He turns, having reloaded and holstered his gun. He murmurs
to himself, staring at his new antogonist:
BUSTER (CONT’D)
... But then, do I wanna wear a
black suit.
From off:
THE KID
You need a count?
Buster chuckles.
Na’sir——

BUSTER

BLAM!
Buster blinks, puzzled.
BUSTER (CONT’D)
... Hold on a second.
He looks down.

14.
His right hand is relaxed, empty, next to his still holstered
gun.
He looks up the street.
The young man stands set in place, gunhand extended before
him, other hand back as counterbalance, smoke wafting from
his gunbarrel.
Buster squints at him. He looks down at his own chest when:
A red droplet hits the snowy white of his tunic.
Buster tries to sort this out. He reaches for his hat.
He holds it up before himself to inspect it. The front of the
crown shows a bullet hole.
He tips the hat, front brim upward, so as to look inside.
The inside back of the crown shows an exit hole. Sprayed
around it is blood and a bit of brain.
BUSTER (CONT’D)
Well now that ain’t good.
He looks up.
The young man is still planted. The gunsmoke has dissipated.
Buster takes out his handmirror. He examines himself in it.
There is a hole centered high in his forehead.
In the reflection, he drops away, quickly followed by hand
and mirror.
From behind the young man’s hip: he twirls and holsters his
gun. In the background we see the soles of Buster Scruggs
boots and his body stretched away.
High on Buster Scruggs, on his back in the street,
sightlessly staring.
Oddly, his voice continues in the same present tone:
BUSTER (CONT’D)
I guess I shoulda seen this
comin’...
The young man enters a low shot to gaze down at the body. He
starts to sweetly sing.

15.
Back to the high shot of Buster. While his corpse remains
rooted to the street and blood begins to pool out from under
his head, his soul begins to separate, rising off his body in
the same white get-up but with wings sprouting out the back.
His soul, semi-transparent, continues the speech:
BUSTER (CONT’D)
... Roam and ramble though you
might, eventually you’re gonna come
acrost some sonofagun who sings a
little sweeter and draws a little
faster.
Buster’s soul starts to sing, harmonizing with the sweetswinging cowboy. At the end of the verse, the cowboy
continues singing but Buster’s soul has more to say:
BUSTER (CONT’D)
... I don’t know as I believe in a
divinity shapin’ our ends and
numberin’ our days. But I do
believe I’m a-headed for a
hereafter...
The young cowboy goes over to his rail-hitched horse, still
singing.
BUSTER (CONT’D)
... Why heck, if there warn’t a
place where men ain’t low-down and
poker’s played fair, then what’re
all the songs about?
The young man unhitches his horse and swings aboard.
BUSTER (CONT’D)
... I b’lieve the music comes from
that higher place...
The young man swings his guitar up and heads out, riding with
one leg up on the pommel and his guitar resting on the leg,
strumming as he sings.
We are rising higher, higher, with the ascending soul of
Buster Scruggs.
BUSTER (CONT’D)
... An’ at’s where I’m off to, to
trade my gui-tar for a lyre and
sing those sweet songs where they
ain’t no clinkers to sour the spell
and cain’t no gunplay inter-trude.
(MORE)

16.
BUSTER (CONT’D)
I’ll see all of you sonofaguns in
the bye and bye and we can sing
them sweet airs together, and shake
our heads over all that meanness in
the used-to-be.
He resumes his harmony part as the young cowboy recedes
below, leaving town, a tiny figure entering the vast desert,
his distant voice echoing off the sandstone formations.
As the singing voices fade into the sound of a moaning wind
we dissolve to:
The last lines of our tale in print on the page, which is
then turned to the title page of the next story:
Near Algodones
Under the wind we hear now the steady clunk of a piece of
wood knocking against a heavy object.
Turning again to another full page illustration:
We are looking across a dusty expanse toward a low-slung
adobe structure that stands alone in an endless expanse of
high desert.
In the mid-foreground a short, fat man in a dirty union suit,
is running toward us, prancing, almost airborne. He holds a
double-barreled shotgun at the ready. Pots and pans are
draped over his body, twine threading the handle-holes. One
large pot sits helmetlike upside-down on his head.
We travel down to the caption below the illustration:
“Pan-shot!” cried the trapper.
Dissolve from the illustration to:
EXT. PRAIRIE - DAY
We are panning the horizon. It is flat, windswept, vast,
empty. The sky is a dismal gray.
It is the western edge of the Great Plains.
Our pan eventually finds and settles on a small adobe
building, the only bump on the measureless horizon.
A weathered wooden sign above its door identifies it as the
FIRST FEDERAL BANK & TRUST OF TUCUMCARI.

17.
Swinging beneath it and clunking against the top of the door
is a smaller handpainted sign, apparently put up as
afterthought: And Notary.
Taking it in, eyes crinkling against the wind, is a man in an
ankle-length duster, holding the reins of a mount that stands
behind him.
From somewhere, a creaking sound. The man’s eyes shift:
A well. The bucket suspended over it creaks back and forth. A
sign handpainted on jagged scrapwood is nailed to its canopy:
BAD WATER.
The horse nervously nickers. The cowboy drops the reins and
starts forward.
INT. BANK - DAY
The cowboy enters.
The one-room structure is empty except for a trapper with
white hair and mustache behind the teller’s bars, hands
planted on the counter. He wears a black eyeshade and black
sleevegarters.
The cowboy walks to the counter, spurs jingling.
COWBOY
Awful big name for a little place
like this.
TELLER
It’s a comfort to the depositors.
The cowboy looks around.
COWBOY
... What depositors?
TELLER
Oh, we got folks from over Val
Verde, Chloride, Tucumcari itself
of course——why, the whole entire
three-county area. Hell, we even
had a run on the bank once’t, warnt
purty. Had to hop up on the counter
here with m’scattergun, talk the
folks down. Well, that’s banking.
He chuckles, shaking his head.

18.
TELLER (CONT’D)
... Crazy business. Crazy business.
COWBOY
Ever been robbed?
TELLER
OOHH yeah, sure enough have. TWO
times. Attempted, I should say. One
fellow I shot dead——BINGO!——the
other I held for the marshal, both
his legs was shredded some, had to
lock him in the vault there,
marshal don’t come through but
once’t a month and he’d just
visited the previous week, had to
billet the scamp for what, three
weeks, applyin’ a poultice of wet
leaves’n urine. He’s in Yuma now,
bustin’ rocks, still a little
grumpy from what they say. Fella by
the name of Chevilly unless I
misremember, said his papa was from
Fr——France——Fr——from——fff...
His voice trails off and he stares in silence.
The cowboy is pointing a six-gun at him.
The prairie wind moans.
The teller’s jaw, relieved of its service to speech, hangs
open.
The cowboy tosses a burlap sack over the bars.
COWBOY
Money in the sack.
The teller gazes owlishly. Finally he sighs and his jaw
resumes operation.
TELLER
... Okay. Okay, ya got me, young
feller, ya got me fair’n square.
The large denominations...
He is stooping behind the counter. His voice continues, off:
TELLER (CONT’D)
... I gotta stoop fer...
A silence. The cowboy frowns.

19.
The unmistakable clack of a shotgun-prime.
The cowboy’s eyes widen. He takes a nimbly evasive step down
the counter as——
ROAR!——wood from the base of the counter splinters outward
where he’d just been standing.
ROAR!——another explosion further along.
The cowboy grabs the bars at one end of the counter and
hoists himself. He stands perched on the counter lip, hugging
the bars. The shotgun continues to roar.
He scales the bars and drops to the counter’s far side.
The shotgun has fallen silent. Drifting gunsmoke.
Inside, no sound.
Outside, the moan of the prairie wind.
The cowboy looks down at the duckboards behind the counter:
Empty. The teller has fled——somewhere.
The cowboy drops to the back floor. His bootheels clomp and
his spurs jingle as he walks the cage’s length.
He stoops, starts stuffing bills into his sack.
EXT. BANK - DAY
DOOR
Creaking open at the cut with a rusty-hinged whine.
The cowboy peeks out the bank’s front door, sack in one hand,
gun in the other.
His point-of-view shows the great empty plain. His horse
placidly crops the grass. Wind moans. The bucket creaks over
the well.
The cowboy hesitates, tenses, and——pushes off, heading for
his horse.
BOOM!——a shotgun blast kicks up dirt at his feet and the
cowboy drops his moneysack and tucks and rolls to take cover
behind the well housing.

20.
His horse nickers nervously and trots a few paces further out
onto the prairie. It tentatively stops——a good thirty yards
away, over exposed ground.
The cowboy hisses at it and waves a hand inward.
The horse looks at him speculatively. Its ears flick.
The cowboy looks toward the windblown adobe structure. No
sign of life.
Very present, the creak of the bucket over the well.
The cowboy looks at the sack of money abandoned in no-man’s
land. The wind stirs the mouth of the sack. Bills flutter and
rise like bees leaving a hive and then twist away in the
breeze.
The adobe structure, still.
The cowboy, tensed.
The bank’s front door bursts open and the old teller boils
out, cackling maniacally, waving his shotgun. There is now
something strange about his get-up which seems to be clanking
as he runs.
The hunched cowboy fires at him over the wellwall.
CLANG!
Pan shot!

TELLER

The teller gallops on, cackling, and——BOOM!——fires his
shotgun. It takes a divot out of the wellwall.
The cowboy shoots again: CLANG!
Pan shot!

TELLER (CONT’D)

The teller has pots and pans draped over his body, twine
threading the handle-holes. One large pot sits helmetlike
upside-down on his head.
The cowboy rises, firing——CLANG! CLANG! CLANG!
BOOM! A shotgun blast smacks the cowboy’s shoulder and twists
him, sending his gun flying into the dust.
He looks from his lost gun up toward the teller just as that
cackling figure arrives a-clank, swinging his shotgun-butt up
and at us to send us THUD into

21.
BLACK
LONG HOLD ON BLACK
EXT. HANGING TREE - DAY
SLOW FADE IN
A black figure. Soft-focused and gently rocking.
An echoing voice:
VOICE
Do you have anything to say...
Very close on the cowboy: his eyes squint open. He too is
gently rocking, as if on a becalmed boat.
The voice repeats, with a little less echo:
VOICE (CONT’D)
Do you have anything to say?
The cowboy licks parched lips. A raspy:
... What?

COWBOY

He works his eyes.
The black figure comes slowly into focus. It is a man in
black clothes and cowboy hat. He is in treeshade but the open
prairie behind him bakes in blinding noonday sun.
His gentle irregular movement comes from the shifting of the
horse he sits astride.
MAN IN BLACK
Do you have anything to say? Before
sentence is carried out.
Wider on the cowboy: there is a noose round his neck. Its
rope stretches up to a treelimb overhead. The cowboy’s
shoulders are back, his hands tied behind. His gentle bobbing
matches the other man’s——he, too, sitting ahorse.
COWBOY
What’s... m’sentence?
Guffaws. There are other men, four of them, also mounted.
The man in black looks reprovingly at his companions, then
back at the cowboy.

22.
MAN IN BLACK
Son, we held you some proceedin’s
here for attempted bank robbery.
You was off yer nut feverish for
most of the goin’s-on but it was a
fair trial like we do here in New
Mexico. These peers convicted ya, I
pronounced a sentence of death, and
we found us this tree. Now’s your
opp’tunity to speak your piece
before sentence is carried out.
Well...

COWBOY

He licks his lips.
COWBOY (CONT’D)
... That pan-covered sonofabitch
back at the bank don’t hardly fight
fair, in my opinion.
The man in black nods respectfully.
MAN IN BLACK
Okay. That it?
COWBOY
Well... I reckon it is.
Silence.
Creaking rope.
One member of the posse has a thought:
MAN
Can I have yer horse?
The cowboy considers. Another posse member pipes up:
No, me.

SECOND MAN

The ad hoc judge looks from his posse to the cowboy.
MAN IN BLACK
You wanna give one of these boys
yer horse? It’ll save scrappin’
over it after you’ve passed.
COWBOY
I don’t want any of ‘em to have it.

23.
The first man growls:
MAN
Selfish bastard.
THIP! An arrow pierces this man’s neck. He gurgles and
reaches up, eyes wide.
A Comanche war party whoops in on horseback as the man tries
to pull the arrow from his neck. He manages only to break the
shaft.
The other men are drawing guns. Their horses rear, wild-eyed.
COWBOY
Whoa... easy...
The noosed cowboy tries to calm the horse stirring beneath
him as the battle boils around.
The judge has two six-guns out and is firing to either side.
A posse member nearby is maced off his horse by one galloping
brave and then lanced by another. He rises with the lance
sticking out of him, its feathers aflutter, and fires at the
braves flashing by until an Indian tomahawks him down from
behind.
The cowboy’s horse bucks and stamps. The cowboy anxiously
squeezes the flanks of the panicked horse with his knees and,
awkwardly leaned back to ease pressure on his throat, rolls
his eyeballs left and right to goggle at the battle raging
round.
A posse member kicks down at an Indian afoot who is trying to
pull him from his mount. He fires down at the Indian as
another brave sawhorse-vaults up onto the rump of his horse
and slits his throat from behind.
The judge is finally St.-Sebastianed full of arrows and
tumbles off his horse, his fall snapping arrowshafts.
Unmounted now, the horse takes off, taking the stirruptangled body of the judge on a prairie sleigh ride, and
grazing the strung-up cowboy’s horse as it gallops past.
COWBOY (CONT’D)
Whoa... easy there...
Through the dust and the gun smoke another posse member,
barely alive is grabbed from behind by a brave as he takes
out his knife to scalp him.
The cowboy’s horse is stamping.

24.

Easy...

COWBOY (CONT’D)

From the noosed cowboy’s perspective the doings are obscure
as the scalping Indian finishes his work.
Another Indian who by his warbonnet and bearing seems to be
chief turns his attention from the battle, now won. He eases
his horse over to face the cowboy.
The chief looks impassively at the cowboy, down at his
skittish horse, up at the rope that stretches to the
treelimb, sizing things up. The cowboy looks at the chief.
The chief looks at the cowboy.
The chief suddenly makes a booga-booga noise, eyes saucerwide, spreading his arms to shake his feathered lance with
one hand and a medicine-rattle with the other. The cowboy’s
horse stamps and shifts. The rope pulls taut.
Whoa...

COWBOY (CONT’D)

The chief screeches with laughter and saws his horse around
and gallops off. The war party, finished with the posse, is
mounting up as well.
Whooping and hollering, the Indians recede.
Wide. Bodies about. One man still moaning. The noosed cowboy
under the tree leaning back in his saddle to give the rope
what play there is to be had. Dissolve:
EXT. HANGING TREE - LATER
The noosed cowboy is leaning even further back.
With a motion of his horse the cowboy’s throat gets cinched
tighter. He rolls his eyes to look down at the animal.
Cropping the grass placidly enough, it has eaten everything
at its feet and has taken a step forward. It continues to
nibble.
The wounded man is still moaning. The cowboy’s eyes roll
toward him.
Dissolve:

25.
EXT. HANGING TREE - LATER
Longer sun. The wounded man is now silent. Much insect-buzz
around him.
The cowpoke is now stretched to the extremity.
The horse pulls up a bit of grass and raises its muzzle,
chewing. It swallows. It takes a short step forward.
Nnnngh...

COWBOY

The cowboy’s body, head now canted steeply back, can move no
further. Munching from the horse.
Now, a new sound. The cowboy’s eyes roll.
Entering his point-of-view: a steer. Trailed by another. More
and more hoofbeats. Many steers. A whipcrack and a “Haw!”
Nnnnngh!

COWBOY (CONT’D)

The lone drover enters his point-of-view.
COWBOY (CONT’D)
(more urgently)
Nnnnngh!
The drover slows and then heaves to, taking in the tableau of
gore.
After a staring beat he spurs his horse toward the scene.
He dismounts. He wanders among the bodies with smashed heads,
slashed throats, pin-cushioned torsos. After a long staring
beat looks up at the cowboy.
Comanch?
Nnngh.

DROVER
COWBOY

The drover nods understanding. He takes his six-gun out and
sights on the rope. He fires. And misses.
At the report the cropping horse whips its head up and stamps
forward. The cowboy is unsaddled and starts to slide down the
horse’s rump. The horse snorts and advances.
The cowboy’s ass slips off the horse’s rump and he swings.

26.

Aw, damme.

DROVER

He sights again on the swinging rope and fires.
A miss. The cowboy continues to swing. The drover calls out:
DROVER (CONT’D)
... Hold still!
He fires again. Again a miss.
Three shots in quick succession. The last one tells: the rope
is half-severed. Frayed twinage ravels down and the cowboy
drops.
EXT. RANGE - LATER
The two men ride side-by-side, driving the cattle.
DROVER
And the other cowboy says, Well I’m
over’ta Bar Q Triangle Wavy Lines
Two-Dot Backwards W Pawprint Triple
Z Ranch. An’ the first ol’ boy
says, Sounds like a big
spread——lotta head a cattle? and
that second boy says Nope. Not too
many survive the brandin’.——Haw haw
haw!
Our cowboy smiles and nods to acknowledge that it is a hell
of a funny story. The drover chatters on:
DROVER (CONT’D)
... I sure do appreciate you
helpin’ with these beeves. Them two
compañeros I hired t’help walk ‘em
t’Abilene started grousin’ ‘bout
the wages once the weather turned
hot’n finally they left out is how
I come t’be here by my lonesome.
That’s what ya call a foul-weather
friend I tell ya. Them boys didn’t
understand first thing about
sidekickin’. Maybe you could
sidekick up with me on a permanent
basis, this drive works out. Ya
seem trust-worthy enough is why I
make the proposition. Why a
sidekick should be a reliable man,
that’s the whole nature of the
sidekick.
(MORE)

27.
DROVER (CONT’D)
Like you watch my back’n I watch
yourn, you got to rely. Fr’instance
I was walkin’ a fence one day at
the Purvis Tinkney spread when I
come across’t a... a...
His voice trails off as his gaze fixes on:
A plume of dust ahead.
The drover works his mouth.
... Damme.

DROVER (CONT’D)

Discernible now, a group of men on horseback, galloping
toward us.
The drover abruptly reins his horse around and spurs it to a
pounding gallop in the opposite direction.
Our cowboy looks at the drover as he rapidly recedes, side-toside quirting his mount. The cowboy looks around at the
approaching horsemen.
As he sits puzzled, looking from one direction to the other,
the thunder of the approaching horsemen builds.
EXT. TOWN STREET/SALOON - DAY
THE COWBOY
He is shoved forward, hands tied behind his back. A dusty
town street.
Before him, a boardwalk fronting a saloon. Upon it, looking
down at him, a man with a great drooping mustache. He sits
behind a makeshift table of planking supported by two upright
barrels. He wears buckskin pants and a side-buttoned tunic
from an old Confederate uniform. His felt hat is aged and
stained. His mustache bear traces of meals eaten long ago.
The man who shoved the cowboy, a bailiff of sorts, now knocks
the hat off his head.
BAILIFF
No hats inna presence of Judge
Hobby.
JUDGE
What’d this sonofabitch do?

28.

Sir, I——

COWBOY

The bailiff smacks the cowboy.
BAILIFF
Hold yer tongue.
(to the judge)
Sumbitch’s a stock rustler.
The judge holds up a reproving finger.
Alleged.

JUDGE

BAILIFF
Yes Yer Honor.
COWBOY
Sir, I didn’t——
The bailiff smacks the cowboy.
BAILIFF
Hold yer tongue.
(to the judge)
He was caught drivin’ rustled
beeves.
JUDGE
Good enough. Hang ‘im.
COWBOY
Sir, I never——
The bailiff smacks the cowboy.
BAILIFF
Hesh. Quiet there.
JUDGE
I don’t wanna hear a lot a damn
excuses.
No, sir——

COWBOY

JUDGE
Or a lot a damn “Punishment fit the
crime.” I’m runnin’ a one-size-fitsall kind of jurisprudence here I
ain’t got time to tailor.

29.
COWBOY
No sir, but——
JUDGE
Okay, next. Holy God! I’ve wasted
enough time with this sonofabitch.
Ya think yer the only one?!
EXT. GALLOWS - DAY
The cowboy stands on a four-banger gallows with three other
men. All have their hands tied behind and wear nooses.
The cowboy is gazing out at the crowd. Prompted by a noise,
he looks at the condemned man next to him.
The grizzled man is whimpering, terrified. Beyond him, at the
far end of the line of condemned, the hangman slips a black
hood over the furthest man and then proceeds to the next.
The cowboy, himself calm, gives the man next to him a smile
somewhat patronizing.
COWBOY
First time?
The man glances at him, too scared to be puzzled. The hangman
arrives at the man and starts to hood him.
The cowboy gives a wry cock of the head. He looks back out at
the crowd.
His point-of-view: a sea of faces. One in particular: a
bonneted, beautiful young woman, the face of a saint. She
looks at the men about to be hanged with an expression of
bottomless sadness.
To himself:
COWBOY (CONT’D)
There’s a pretty girl.
Back to his point-of-view of the woman. It is wiped away when
his hood is swept down to bring on black. The hood amplifies
the cowboy’s breathing and muffles the sounds of the crowd
and the whimpering of the next man over. The sounds continue
briefly in black until we hear the CLACK of the trapdoor and
a very present SNAP: it stops the breathing. We hear the roar
of the crowd.
Dissolve to: the last lines of the story: “... and then the
sound of the roaring crowd, fading fast.”

30.
The page turns as we hear the crowd’s roar fade into a
howling wind and the paper is turned to a title page:
Meal Ticket
And then to a new illustration:
We are close on the face of a man orating. His face is
painted with stage make-up, his hair coiffed in a roman
style. He is under-lit by the warm glow of stage lights and
his eyes are cast heavenward.
We travel down to a caption at the bottom of the page:
“The quality of mercy is not strained, it droppeth as the
gentle rain from heaven.”
A swell of music under the howling wind and we dissolve to:
EXT. HIGH COUNTRY - DAY
A horse-drawn cart rattles along in a very wide shot. A laden
pack mule trails it on a lead. We are in the mountains going
over a windswept pass.
On the man driving the cart: an Irishman of later middle age
in a moth-eaten fur coat. His eyes water as he squints into
the wind.
The cart: a boxy thing whose plank sides bear carny-style
illustrations and florid lettering weathered well down. The
lettering identifies the cart as THALIA’S SEDAN. The
illustrations are of great scenes from the history of
drama——actors declaiming in Elizabethan garb, in Greek masks,
in costumes of the Orient and the Nile and Cadiz, crossing
swords, addressing busts, kissing damsels.
Another landscape: the horse and cart and trailing mule
clatter through a shallow stream.
EXT. TOWN STREET - DAY
The cart clatters along a mining-town street.
A HANDBILL
Being tacked to a wall.
The Artistry of
Edwin Horatio Harrison
Tragedian, Comedian
“The Wingless Thrush”

31.
Performing
“The Quality of Mercy”
Great Monologues & Dramatic Verse
Sources Various
8:30 This Night
at
Hand-scribbled after the last printed word: Behind
McCormack’s Feedlot.
EXT. BEHIND MCCORMACK’S FEEDLOT - NIGHT
A boom arm is swung out from its nest in the lower chassis of
the horsecart. The cart wall is unpinned at its two top
corners and lowered like a table-leaf to rest upon the
projecting boom arm.
More inserts on the Irishman continuing his preparations:
Five pieces of tin cowling are placed at the forward edge of
the lowered leaf.
A candle is put into each piece of cowling.
A sashcord is pulled to unfurl a painted drop at the back of
the projecting leaf. The drop shows a vaguely medieval
castle, stone steps, battlements, sky.
Straw is scattered upon the makeshift stage.
A roughhewn sawhorse-stand is scissored open and planted on
the stage. Something bound in burlap is wedged into it.
Sashcord is pulled to lower a curtain before the stage, just
upstage of the candle housings.
The candles are lit.
Now people are gathering. They seat themselves on the ground
around the cart-stage, murmuring in anticipation.
The Irishman surveys the crowd. He pulls out a pocketwatch
and flips its cover.
He considers. He repockets the watch.
He grabs a piece of cord and starts to pull.
The curtain: it starts to center-part, the two halves
gathered by cinchcord.

32.
The crowd gasps.
The Irishman’s hand quickly wraps the curtain cord around a
belaying wingbolt.
The crowd, stunned.
The Irishman, impassive.
Silence.
Finally, from the stage, a voice:
VOICE
When to the sessions of sweet
silent thought...
The voice is full, fluting, euphonious in the manner of an
air-sawing Shakespearian actor of old.
VOICE (CONT’D)
... I summon remembrances of things
past...
We cut to the owner of the voice. He does not in fact saw the
air, for he has no hands——no arms——no legs. Edwin Horatio
Harrison is but head and torso. His body is wrapped in a
burlap tunic of sorts that is pinned at the shoulders and
below the waist. He is wedged into the scissor-stand to face
the crowd. He gazes into the distance as he continues to
declaim:
VOICE (CONT’D)
... I sigh the lack of many a thing
I sought, And with old woes new
wail my dear time’s waste...
The crowd stares, wide-eyed.
A montage of the show. We see parts of various speeches——”Is
this a dagger I see before me, “Four-score and seven years
ago,” “I met a traveler in an antique land...” Intercut is
the listening crowd, rough men and rougher women, weathered
faces lifted toward the stage, awed by the beauty of the
poetry.
The closing monologue is “Our revels now are ended.” During
it the Irishman passes through the crowd with a hat,
accepting money with murmured “T’anks very much,” “God bless
you,” etc.

33.
EXT. CAMPFIRE - NIGHT
Later.
The firelight falls off to flicker dimly on the parked wagon
and the hobbled horse placidly cropping grass. Nearer the
fire, on either side of it, the Irishman and Harrison eat
supper. The seated Irishman uses a knife to stab pieces of
meat from his plate. Harrison lies on his side, head craning
to mouth food off his plate like a dog.
A long beat of eating. Sounds of chewing and lipsmacks.
Harrison’s plate is now empty. He gazes across the fire at
the Irishman who continues to eat.
HARRISON
... More meat.
The Irishman stares at Harrison.
At length he rises grudgingly to his feet. He crosses to
Harrison and scrapes a few pieces of meat from his plate onto
the torso’s
He returns and sits.
The men, eating.
EXT. COUNTRYSIDE - DAY
Wide on the Irishman leading the cart-pulling horse by the
reins, through a snowed-over road.
Inside the cart: Harrison rides just behind the front bench,
wedged in by a duffle of necessaries.
EXT. ANOTHER TOWN - DAY
THE HANDBILL
Tacked up in another town. The location scribbled at the
bottom: Johansson’s Lower Pasture.
At the wagon: close on the artist as the Irishman’s hand
enters to apply the finishing touches on his make-up. The
hand withdraws, re-enters with a mirror. The artist
appraises.

34.
EXT. JOHANSSON’S LOWER PASTURE - NIGHT
The Irishman is tensed behind the cart, holding a large sheet
of tin bowed against the ground. From the stage on the other
side of the cart we hear Harrison’s voice:
HARRISON
And it came to pass, when they were
in the field, that Cain rose UP
against Abel his brother and slew
him...
This is the Irishman’s cue. He makes shudder the tin which
emits the sound of rolling thunder.
HARRISON (CONT’D)
... And the Lord said unto Cain,
Where is Abel thy brother...
We cut to the stage as Harrison continues his recitation
through the dramatically building thunder.
LATER
We hear “Our revels now are ended” as the Irishman winds
through the audience.
IRISHMAN
Bless you, sir... T’ank you...
Later: the Irishman is chinking coins back into his hat,
tallying the take. His look is grim.
EXT. MOUNTAIN STREAM - DAY
High on the wagon splashing through a stream running down a
mountain gorge.
EXT. CAMPFIRE #2 - NIGHT
Snow falls.
The Irishman holds a spoonful of soup to Harrison’s lips.
Harrison blows across it, slurps it in.
The Irishman dips the spoon, raises it again.
EXT. TRAILSIDE - DAY
The stopped cart and waiting horse are soft in the
background.

35.
In the foreground the Irishman stands straining as he holds
Harrison out in front of him at the height of his own chest,
the two men facing the same way. They are cropped midbody but
we can tell from the loose hang of Harrison’s burlap tunic
that it is uncinched at the bottom.
The Irishman looks off, grimacing under the weight he
supports. Harrison looks steeply down. We hear water
spattering against ground.
EXT. PERFORMANCE - NIGHT
Another night, another town: the artist performs the familiar
poems and monologues.
EXT. CAMPFIRE #3 - NIGHT
We are on Harrison watching apprehensively as we hear the
Irishman sing, loudly.
We cut to the Irishman across the fire. He clutches a bottle
in one hand. The words of his old Irish song are slurred. His
head bobs and dips. For the first time that we have seen he
is smiling. The smile is ghastly.
He finishes the song and punctuates by hurling the bottle
into the fire, where it shatters.
He rises tipsily to his feet.
IRISHMAN
We’re goin’ into town.
INT. SPORTING-HOUSE - NIGHT
The Irishman, led by a boozily laughing bawd, climbs a
staircase that ascends from the main floor to a door-lined
mezzanine gallery. The Irishman laughs as he staggers upward,
impaired by liquor and burdened by Harrison whom he carries
in a basket toted Santa-style on his back.
Harrison scowls.
INT. SPORTING-HOUSE BEDROOM - NIGHT
A corner of the room: Harrison is deposited on the floor. We
are in a small private room——chair, bed, wood stand with
basin.

36.
Wider: the Irishman and the bawd laugh on. The bawd plops
onto the bed and starts peeling down her garters. The swaying
Irishman takes off his coat and starts to shrug his
suspenders but stops short, eyeing Harrison.
He goes to Harrison and spins his basket so that he faces the
wall.
We hold on Harrison, scowling, as laughter and sounds of
clothes-shedding resume.
FADE OUT
INT. SPORTING-HOUSE BEDROOM - LATER
HARRISON
He is being swung around again to face out into the room.
The bawd sits on the bed, pulling clothes back on. She stands
and reaches behind her back to button something and smiles
down at Harrison. Addressing the Irishman:
BAWD
Wanna buy your friend some lovin’?
The Irishman, lacing his shoes, looks up. The question seems
to put him in ill humor.
IRISHMAN
I don’t t’ink so.
BAWD
He ever had any?
... Once.

IRISHMAN

EXT. OUTSKIRTS OF TOWN
WINDY NIGHT
Harrison performs as a raw night wind eddies the stage straw
and pelts the canvas backing with grit.
HARRISON
When, in disgrace with Fortune and
men’s eyes, I all alone beweep my
outcast state...
The Irishman, arms folded, leans against a corner of the
cart, grimly surveying:

37.
The audience. A sparse six or eight people, hugging coats,
clamping hats in place against the wind.
HARRISON (CONT’D)
... And trouble deaf heaven with my
bootless cries, And look upon
myself and curse my fate...
The Irishman leans forward and spits.
Later: quiet now.
The audience, such as it was, has dispersed. The Irishman is
pinning up the stage leaf. His attention is caught by town
noises brought in on the wind. He turns and looks.
The town’s one street stretches away from our vantage point
just outside of town. Midway down the street there is a
saloon door out of which piano music weakly tinkles. Further
along a crowd of people is facing away from us, toward some
kind of outdoor stage. The crowd’s approving roar, which
first attracted the Irishman’s notice, sounds again.
EXT. TOWN STREET - NIGHT
THE CROWD
We have jumped around so that the crowd now faces us,
pressing in, all eyes fixed on the stage, off. The faces are
warmly lit by footlight spill.
Approaching from the dark background is the Irishman, craning
to see over the spectators’ heads.
Another roar from the crowd.
An audience member’s shout:
MAN
Eighteen take away five!
A rough voice echoes:
VOICE
Eighteen take away five.
A long beat of suspense. All eyes are trained forward except
for the Irishman’s who, having joined the crowd, looks
around, taking in the audience and its delight.
A plinking sound. The audience again bursts into cheers.

38.
Reverse: another makeshift stage of built off a cart. Painted
canvases serve as stage backing and festoon. They identify
the act as GALLUS MATHEMATICUS. Under the slogans “Genius of
the Barnyard” and “The Pecking Pythagorean” there is a
depiction of a pince-nezed chicken in academic robes and a
mortarboard and tassel. A chalkboard behind the pictured fowl
is densely covered with equations and runes.
Upon the stage is a moth-eaten old rooster. It has just
pecked a tin disc upon which is painted the number 13——part
of an array of numbered discs tacked to a plank frame. The
rooster struts jerkily back to the center of the stage and
emits a blick-squawk.
AUDIENCE WOMAN
The sum of six and four!
A man at the side of the stage, musclebound, baldheaded, with
a large waxed mustache, echoes:
IMPRESARIO
The sum of six and four.
The rooster stares out at the audience, head jerking this way
and that, seeming to fix different audience members with a
look of perplexity or surprise.
At length it turns and herky-jerks back to the number array,
head bobbing. It pauses. It snaps its beak against the ten.
Loud cheers.
EXT. TOWN STREET - LATER
The audience is gone, the cart closed up.
The Irishman is counting money into the hand of the
impresario. The rooster, in a small wooden cage, emits an
occasional squawk.
IRISHMAN
... He eat much?
EXT. CAMPFIRE #4 - DAWN
A crackling breakfast-fire over which a coffeepot is
suspended.
A knife slits an opening in a bag of bird seed. The bag is
then tipped over a small bucket. Seed hisses into the bucket.

39.
The bucket is placed before the rooster who is staked by
means of an ankle-cuff and line.
The Irishman plops down now before the fire, holding a tin
coffee cup. He sips and then wraps both hands on the cup and
stares into the fire.
Harrison is also facing the fire, a hardly-touched plate of
grits to one side. He is staring at:
The rooster, tapping at the seed in the bucket, then tapping
at the seed spilled on the ground around it. It paces jerkily
to the short limit of its line, occasionally pecking at the
ground. It pauses, looks up, seeming to return Harrison’s
look.
The Irishman is as before, gazing thoughtfully at the fire.
Harrison, looking at the rooster.
The rooster looking back, then resuming pecking.
The Irishman gazing at the fire. After a long beat he tosses
the dregs of his coffee and rises.
EXT. SMALL RIVER OVERLOOK - FULL DAY
A picturesque high shot looking down at an overlook on a
small river. Its fast-moving water boils and gurgles.
We hear the approaching rattle and clank of the Irishman’s
wagon. It finishes a tableau when it pulls into frame and
stops on the rise. The Irishman pulls its brake and climbs
down.
On the Irishman walking the bank. He is knotting a length of
rope around a stone. He stops, looking down into the river.
He tosses the stone and rope.
His point-of-view: The stone and mess of trailing rope hit
the water together, the stone immediately sinking. The rope
floats on the surface in a pattern that is peeled away as the
sinking stone pulls the rope down-until none remains.
On the Irishman, looking.
He starts back to the wagon.
On Harrison in the cart, looking out the back.
In his viewpoint vignetted by the cart’s tailgate and
sidewall, the Irishman appears, approaches.

40.
He reaches into the wagon, hoists Harrison, heads back toward
the river.
The rooster, in its cage in the back of the wagon, looks this
way and that, blick-squawking, head aimlessly bobbing.
EXT. LANDSCAPE - DAY
Later. The cart rattles along, small. Very faintly, the
squawk of the rooster.
Fade in on a new title page:
All Gold Canyon
And the page turns to a new illustration:
We are at the very top of a Monterey Pine looking out past
the back of a man who has scaled the tree and hugs close to
the trunk.
Though we are behind the man we can see from the crook of his
arm that he has raised his hand to shield his eyes from the
sun.
The vista beyond is of mountain ranges that seem to stretch
on forever, falling away one behind the other, fading into
the hazy light.
We move down to the caption below the picture:
And in all that mighty sweep of earth he saw no sign of man
nor the handiwork of man.
Dissolve to:
EXT. A CANYON - MIDDAY
A stream burbles down the middle of the canyon, descending
from a pool.
A meadow covered in grass and wildflowers rises from one side
of the pool, ascending to a scree of rocks that ends at the
canyon wall.
We cut to a bee humming over and dipping toward the bell of
one of the flowers in the meadow.
A ball of gnats boils into and out of the shade of a shrub.
A hummingbird arrives at a flower and hovers.

41.
In the pond stands a deer, a many-antlered buck. He dips his
head, drinks.
Silver minnows waggle in the water in formation, feeding on
algae, little disturbed by the deer drinking nearby.
At the spout of the pond, where it feeds the stream, water
gurgles out, lightly splashing over the rocks that form the
bottleneck, the spray glinting in the sun.
An owl perched at the top of a tall pine surveys the canyon
below. Suddenly the lightest breeze springs up, giving the
tree a bit of life. The owl cocks its head. With the breeze
we hear the distant sound of a singing voice.
The deer lifts its head from the pool and looks down-canyon.
The stream disappears below a curtain of vegetation——brush
and shrub and pine trees——that closes off the view. Beyond
that middleground curtain is a further one composed of rising
rockface. We are in a contained space, hidden from the rest
of the world, a box canyon.
We hear the singing voice a little more clearly: we can now
make out words over the breeze in the trees:
VOICE
Sure I love the dear silver
That shines in your hair,
And the brow that’s all furrowd
And wrinkled with care...
The deer stares, water dripping from its muzzle, then bolts.
The silver minnows dart away.
The owl takes clumsy flight.
The can hear clip-clopping horses’ feet now, down-canyon,
under the continuing singing:
VOICE (CONT’D)
... I kiss the dear fingers
So toil-worn for me,
Oh, god bless you and keep you...
EXT. CANYON - DAY
The curtain of vegetation is messily parted by a man leading
a donkey. Both man and beast are stiffly brushed by the scrub
as they push through, the pack and paraphernalia on the
donkey clacking and jangling as they come through.

42.
There are clanking pots, pans, pick, shovel, miner’s pan, all
disarranged by their noisy entrance into the canyon.
MAN
... My mother Machree.
The man——a vigorous geezer——has stopped, the donkey stopped
also, silence now prevailing, for all of the animal noise
native to the canyon has also disappeared. The man is staring
intently up-canyon, taken by something.
His point-of-view: the pond feeding the stream, which we pan
down to the foreground.
A tilt of the geezer’s head. Still looking:
The side-hill, rising from the pond.
The man turns his head side to side:
The canyon walls, funneling to the side hill and the pond in
turn.
The man, still staring, ruminatively gathers saliva and,
still looking out, spits.
Huh!

MAN (CONT’D)

The donkey brays softly. In response:
He starts back toward the donkey but takes only two steps
before abruptly stopping and looking back over his shoulder,
just confirming, with a still beat, that the canyon hasn’t
changed and isn’t about to.
Thus reassured he goes to the donkey and unhooks a shovel and
a shallow pan.
He climbs to the pond, eying the stream as he passes it.
He dips his head to the pondwater and drinks.
He raises his head and, as he absently wipes his chin with
his sleeve, looks down-canyon at the stream.
A staring beat and then with a grunt he rises and swipes his
shovel and pan from the ground.
MAN (CONT’D)
We’ll see... we’ll see...
He goes to the most upstream point of where the sidehill
touches the stream.

43.
He digs a small shovelful of soil from the bank and dumps it
in the pan and then squats at the side of the stream.
Balanced over his heels he dips the pan into the stream and
raises it out and swishes it.
He keeps dipping the pan and swishing it and lighter soil
rises to the top and is sloshed away by the deft circular
movement. He pauses the washing to rake out larger pieces of
gravel with his fingers, then dips and swishes again to spill
away more soil.
A last swish and outflinging of water discloses only the
finest and heaviest black sand lining the pan-bottom like
paint.
He looks at the pan. He raises it closer, squints.
In the middle of the black gunk, the tiniest golden speck.
No reaction from the man: stillness.
He dips the pan twice more and swishes.
He looks:
Now, two gold specks.
After a still beat he nods, then dips the pan up-and-downways
into the stream and shakes it back and forth, cleaning it.
Two.

MAN (CONT’D)

He snaps two pieces off some straw and plants the two stalks
next to the hole bitten out of the ground by the shovel.
He takes two steps downstream and digs another small spadeful
of dirt into the pan and squats and starts washing the
contents.
More washing, raking out, washing, examining. Finally:
Four.

MAN (CONT’D)

He washes the pan back-and-forth and then rises and snaps off
four pieces of straw and plants them next to the new hole.
He goes two steps further downstream and the shovel bites
into earth.
AN HOUR LATER

44.
There is a line of shovel-holes along the stream bank. Straws
are planted by each hole, sparsest upstream, swelling to a
thicket of them seven or eight holes down, then diminishing
again towards the hole before which the man now squats,
panning.
His shirt is off. He has a farmer’s tan: very red neck ending
in a hard line of very pale torso, ending in red hands.
He is finishing washing, and now examines the pan-bottom: one
golden speck.
He washes the pan, plants one stalk of straw, goes downstream
and digs and pans.
Now, nothing.
He clamps his hands on his knees and rises. He looks up the
hill.
MAN (CONT’D)
All right Mr. Pocket——I’m a comin.
You just set there, I’m a comin.
He goes to the middle of the line of holes——the hole with the
most straw-stalks next to it. As he does so:
MAN (CONT’D)
Where are ye, Mr. Pocket——right,
left, er straight up the middle?
No answer from the hill.
MAN (CONT’D)
... Well, we’ll see.
His shovel bites into the earth a couple paces uphill of the
richest streamside site.
MAN (CONT’D)
... We’ll see.
DUSK
The holes in the hill form a bendy triangle——the longest row
of them lining the stream, the successively uphill rows
growing shorter, and pulling to the right. The triangle is as
yet incomplete, topless: the trapper has not quite reached
the pinnacle, the focus of the gold.
The trapper is rising out of a hole——which is waist-deep, the
holes being deeper as they climb the hill.

45.
At the river he washes the pan. The end result: the panbottom is glittering with gold specks among the black, too
many to count.
MAN
Heh! Almost enough to keep!
He plunges the pan into the stream and waggles it, washing
the gold away.
He rises, stiff now.
He looks up at the canyon rim. There is radiance dying at the
point beyond which the sun has disappeared. Evening breeze is
stirring the trees at the rim.
MAN (CONT’D)
All right! I’m gonna getcha. Not
today, but I’m gonna getcha. You
can’t run away Mr. Pocket!
As he goes down to his pack horse:
MAN (CONT’D)
... I’ll catch up with you tomorra.
I’m old, but yer older!
He starts unpacking the horse.
DUSK
The trapper has built a campfire. He sits before it eating,
humming as he chews.
His chewing freezes for a beat as he stares into the fire,
focused. Then he resumes chewing again, chuckling.
LATER - DUSK
He finishes wrapping himself in a bedroll.
A loud exhalation, a quiet beat. Then, sudden and loud:
MAN
Good night, Mr. Pocket!
Chuckles, then he rolls over.
WIDE
By the hill the remains of fire, the man small. Faint
chuckling and a faint:

46.
MAN (CONT’D)
... Ahh me.
EXT. STREAM - DAWN
The prospector stands in the middle of the stream, the legs
of his stained union suit rolled up to the height of the
water.
He jerks on a length of string and pulls up a small silvery
fish that twitches in the sunlight.
Looking up at the ridge above him he notices the owl
alighting in the tall pine.
THE PINE - DAY
As the prospector, now fully dressed, inches his way up the
pine, stepping on smaller and smaller limbs as he approaches
the top. He has a burlap sling around his neck.
At a flapping sound he looks up.
In low angle we see the owl, disturbed by his approach,
awkwardly taking flight.
Back to the prospector, hair stirred by breeze. A distant
hoot. He looks around, raising his hand to shadow his eyes.
The horizon. Mountain after mountain softening with distance
and haze. Nothing stirs.
He looks down.
An unfamiliar, high perspective on his hidden canyon. The
stream. The line of holes at its bank. The distant sound of
the stream.
He resumes climbing.
AT THE NEST
The prospector arrives. Five speckled eggs, barely bigger
than chicken eggs.
The prospector is carefully loading them one by one in his
burlap sling when something catches his look, arrests his eggloading motion.
The displaced owl is perched on a tree maybe fifty yards
distant. Its gaze is fixed on him.

47.
The prospector looks at the owl, hand still arrested holding
an egg.
The owl looks at him.
The prospector relents: he places the egg he holds not in his
sling but back in the nest, next to the lone egg he had not
yet taken. He mutters:
PROSPECTOR
I cain’t do it!
He unloads the eggs already in his sling.
... Damny.

PROSPECTOR (CONT’D)

He considers.
PROSPECTOR (CONT’D)
Mebbe just one.
He restores one egg to his sling and starts his descent.
PROSPECTOR (CONT’D)
... How high can a bird count,
anyway...
AGC10

EXT. CANYON - DAY
FRYING EGG
An egg and a small fish sizzle in the frying pan.
THE PROSPECTOR
Eating, staring fixedly off as he chews.
His point-of-view: the line of holes at the riverbank.
The prospector, still chewing.
PROSPECTOR
Yep... yep...
He sets the plate aside, rising:
PROSPECTOR (CONT’D)
Ya ready, Mr. Pocket?

48.
AGC11

MINUTES LATER
He is in a hole further up the hill, a little more than
halfway up a prospective triangle not yet defined fully to
the top by the progressively shorter lines of holes.
He claws small nuggets from the earth now, wipes them and
blows them clean of dirt, puts them in a sack.
PROSPECTOR
Keepers now... gettin to keepers...

AGC12

LATER
The sun is high.
The prospector climbs from a hole sweating, shirt off,
further up the hill, his sack of nuggets half-full.
PROSPECTOR
Lumps’n chunks... lumps’n chunks...
He steps back, looks at the shape of his bendy, not-yetfinished triangle.
He drops the sack, picks up the spade that is planted by the
last hole, and walks up the hill referring to the downhill
holes.
A look back and forth and then he decisively plants the
shovel at a spot: the presumptive apex of the triangle.
PROSPECTOR (CONT’D)
... Right here! I got the almighty
cinch on you, Mr. Pocket! You’re
settin down there a-waitin for me!
He picks up a canteen, tips his head back and pours water
over his sweat-stained face.
He blinks up at the hot sun.
PROSPECTOR (CONT’D)
... Hold on sun, hold on. I’m
almost there.

AGC13

LATER
The prospector is almost neck-deep in a hole about five feet
in diameter. He looks up at the sun, closer now to the
western ridge.

49.
He gets down on his knees and claws through the dirt at the
bottom of the hole. Nothing but dirt and rocks. Standing
again he works on the walls of the hole, widening it so he
can swing a pick.
AGC14

LATER STILL
The sun is lower. We see only the tip of the pick as it
swings up above the lip of the hole at the apex of its arc.
The hole is about eight feet deep now and the sun slants in
at a steep angle.

AGC15

INSIDE THE HOLE - DAY
As the pick bites into the soft earth. It strikes something
hard. The prospector grabs the spade and starts frantically
shoveling the earth and tossing it away. He drops the spade
and sinks to his knees and starts pawing at the dirt. A chunk
comes away in his hand.
He swipes it clean: it is half rotten quartz, half virgin
gold.
PROSPECTOR
Mother Machree!
The quartz/gold seam comes apart with just a little twisting
pressure from his hands. Still on his knees he tosses the
huge gold chunk onto a burlap sack on the floor of the pit.
He pulls another chunk from the pit wall in front of
him——like the first, but even more of this one is gold. And
another chunk. And another.
PROSPECTOR (CONT’D)
Hello Mr. Pocket!
The pit, out of direct sunlight, is warmly lit by the late
sun filtering in through the dust raised by his digging and
clawing. But now the light, animated by the motion of the
dust, is subtly disturbed.
The prospector freezes. What was it? Not a shadow. Was it
anything? Whatever wavered in the cloud of light and dust, is
now still.
We are very close on the prospector who faces into the pit,
only his eyes turned back, not daring to turn his head. He
thinks. After a long beat his eyes return to the gold lump in
front of him. More stillness.
Not knowing what to do, not wanting to turn around, he
stiffly reaches with one hand to brush dirt from the lump.

50.
When we cut from the lump to a close-up on his face it is a
new, lower angle, showing an out-of-focus figure standing at
the lip of the pit, above and behind the prospector.
The prospector clears his throat. He self-consciously
whistles, attempting a show of nonchalance, tipping his head
to admire the lump of gold.
The soft silhouetted figure above is silently reaching
something from his coat.
We cut to a high angle over the man’s shoulder, the
prospector below, facing away from us, on his knees,
whistling. Motion in the body of the foreground man shows him
continuing and then completing the action of getting
something from his coat. Now he is still.
Back down to the prospector. We are now very close, his face
filling the frame. The prospector is beading sweat, looking
at the lump, trying to think what to do, not coming up with
anything. His whistling dries. In the quiet, a small, sad,
shake of his head.
A loud roar and his body slams down out of frame.
He hits the ground and is still.
Renewed quiet.
The man looking down: a young man, almost a boy, cleanshaven, neater than the prospector, a six-gun smoking in his
hand. He holds still, the stillness confirming that his prey
is dead.
At length he relaxes, his gun no longer pointing but his look
still down at the body in the pit.
The prospector’s limbs are in an awkward tangle. He has the
ragdoll attitude of a corpse. Blood leaks from his back.
The shooter slowly seats himself on the lip of the pit, legs
dangling.
His eyes still on the corpse he sets the gun down and fishes
a rolling paper and a tobacco-sack from his pocket. He curls
the paper, taps in a line of tobacco, finishes curling the
paper, licks it shut, lights it.
As he inhales his look moves, for the first time, off the
prospector. It wanders out over the stream and up the pines
to where a shape moves: the owl alighting.
Evening breeze stirs the man’s hair. He gives a long exhale
of smoke, looks back down into the pit.

51.
Seeped-out blood covers the back of the prospector’s shirt.
The shooter, his look unemotive, sighs, licks forefinger and
thumb and taps them against the end of the cigarette, killing
it. He puts it back in his pocket, for later. He picks up the
gun.
He braces both arms against the lip and drops himself into
the hole, his gun above his head as he lets go of the edge.
Just as he lands the prospector, twisting with a wheezing
roar of effort, grabs the shooter’s ankle and upsets his
balance. The gun goes off with a roar thudding into the side
of the hole and filling it with smoke.
Collapsing at the bottom the shooter tries to lower the gun
but his wrist is grabbed and wrenched to the side as the gun
goes off again. The two men tangle in the confined space a
riot of flailing limbs. The prospector does not let go of the
young man’s wrist even as he lowers the gun to shoot.
Suddenly the prospector throws a handful of dirt into the
shooter’s face and wrenches the gun away.
The shooter raises his other hand in front of his face to
shield it just as, from offscreen, the gun roars again, the
bullet passing through his hand and into his face, killing
him.
The prospector struggles wheezing to his feet, discharging
the revolver two more times into the young man’s body.
The gunsmoke rises and the last gunshot rings out to leave
the prospector sobbing, looking down at the dead man covered
in blood. Blood drips from the prospector as well, draining
down the arm holding the gun still pointing at his assailant.
PROSPECTOR (CONT’D)
Ya measly skunk! A-campin on my
trail and lettin me do the work an
then shootin me in the back!
He kicks at the dead man’s foot.
PROSPECTOR (CONT’D)
... IN THE BACK!
Sobbing and moaning, he crawls out of the pit.
AGC16

EXT. LIP OF THE HOLE/STREAM - LATE DAY

AGC16

He claws his shirt off as he staggers downhill to the stream.

52.
PROSPECTOR
... Ya measly SKUNK!
He drops the gun at the riverbank and plows into the water.
Not deep enough: he does knee-bends to clear the blood so as
to be able to examine his wound.
He moans with pain and effort with each bob as he sloshes
water against himself.
The exposed wound is in his midriff, to one side. He raises
that arm and twists to look at the exit wound in his back.
PROSPECTOR (CONT’D)
... Went clean through. Didn’t hit
nothing important. Just guts! JUST
GUTS, YA MEASLY SKUNK!
The shout is directed up the hill. The prospector reverts to
moaning as he bobs and slaps water, cleaning the wound.
He staggers out of the stream and goes to his little campsite
and pulls some cloth out of a bag, yelling uphill:
PROSPECTOR (CONT’D)
... Don’t worry, Mr. Pocket, I’ll
come back!
He rips a length of cloth and we cut on the rip.
AGC17

EXT. HOLE - NEXT MORNING

AGC7

Early light.
The holes.
The dead shooter, caked with dirt and blood, lies at the lip
of the topmost hole having been dragged out. On the other
side of the pit uncleaned lumps of gold lie on the burlap
bag. Wheezing is audible within the pit.
The prospector, now bandaged, is inside. The pit’s uphill
wall is now concave, the pocket of gold having been clawed
out. The prospector runs a hand along the concave surface,
looking, pulling out a clod, satisfying himself that it is
little more than dirt.
PROSPECTOR
Okay... okay...
He emerges from the pit.

53.
He plants a toe under the corpse and, with one hand clamped
against his injured side to keep it compressed while he
strains, he rolls the dead man into the pit.
PROSPECTOR (CONT’D)
... That’s yer share, ya measly
skunk!
AGC18

EXT. CANYON - DAY
THE LOADED HORSE
Clanking and jangling with pots and pans. It is now also
loaded with two bulging burlap sacks.
PROSPECTOR
There’s a spot in me heart
Which nobody may own
There’s a depth in my soul
Never sounded or known...
The prospector is leading the horse through the downhill
curtain of vegetation.
PROSPECTOR (CONT’D)
There’s a place in my mem’ry
——My heart——that you fill
No other can take it
No one ever will...
His singing voice fades as the shrubs and branches close over
him and he continues his descent unseen.
High: the owl’s point-of-view of the canyon. The burbling
stream, the hill beside it marred by the strange geometry of
gouged holes.
The distant voice fades to nothing. The sounds of the canyon
return.
FADE OUT
As we dissolve to a new title page we hear the sound of
distant barking:
The Gal Who Got Rattled
The page turns to a new illustration: wide on a rolling
prairie. In the painting a line of conestoga wagons recedes
into the distance; a lone rider coming from the wagon train
is about to meet a man on foot, his back to us, who carries a
winchester on his shoulder. He is trailed by a small black
terrier.

54.
We move down to the caption at the bottom of the picture:
Mr. Arthur had no idea what he would say to Billy Knapp.
We dissolve to:
INT. BOARDERS’ DINING ROOM - NIGHT
A YAPPING DOG
A little terrier wanders beneath a long table, among the
boots and high lace-ups of the nine or ten diners.
A male hand reaches under the table with a scrap. The dog
hurries to it.
VOICE
His cough did not respond to any
kind of syrup or elixir...
At the table: a half-dozen boarders among whom are Gilbert
and Alice Longabaugh. Gilbert is just withdrawing his hand
from under the table.
The speaker is a young salesman.
SALESMAN
I bought him every kind of remedy,
out of my own pocket. Nothing
palliated. Although one of them he
drank avidly. And it was an
extremely rattly cough. No, I was
not sad to see Mr. Kincaid leave.
LANDLADY
It was not a contagious cough.
Nobody here became ill. It was a
nervous cough. I would not rent to
a contagious cougher.
SALESMAN
I have never heard of a nervous
cough.
(turns to Mrs. Longabaugh)
I understand you are about to leave
us.
LANDLADY
There is no medical affliction but
that doesn’t have a nervous
variety. The nervous system spreads
its tendrils throughout the body. I
saw a picture of it in a book.

55.
SALESMAN
The nervous system does not have
“tendrils.”
LANDLADY
I don’t pretend to be a physician,
or a botanist. I know that the
nervous system extends through the
body and I presume that that is how
it learns of the various physical
conditions that it imitates.
ANOTHER MAN
Mrs. Flannery is quite right, I
have seen that picture.
LANDLADY
My point is only that Mr. Kincaid
was not a contagious cougher. I
don’t rent to such.
MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN
Is there any more chicken and
dumplings? The bowl came to me
last.
LANDLADY
Yes there is more! We don’t stint
at this table. Grandma Turner looks
to be finished. Are you finished
Grandma Turner!
An old lady stares off, her mouth open.
The landlady nods.
LANDLADY (CONT’D)
... Grandma Turner is finished.
SALESMAN
(to Alice)
Leaving tomorrow? Jumping off the
map, so to speak?
ALICE
Yes indeed, my brother and I are
setting off in the morning, for
Oregon.
SALESMAN
Oregon! You have people there, or
a——

56.
LANDLADY
Just scoop from her plate, Mrs.
Halliday. Grandma Turner is quite
done.
ALICE
No, I, not exactly——that is, my
brother does.
GILBERT
Well go ahead and tell him Alice,
don’t be tongue-tied. She has
exciting news.
ALICE
I’m... I”m to be married. Or at
least I may be, to Gilbert’s...
associate.
GILBERT
He’s well fixed out there.
The salesman can’t quite make out the situation. He looks at
Alice, puzzled.
SALESMAN
You’re not certain whether you’re
going to be married? Has the
gentleman not proposed?
Well, he——

ALICE

Alice looks up with embarrassment.
GILBERT
He will propose. Once they meet
each other I’m sure Alice will pass
muster. The match is a good one.
I’m joining him in a business
opportunity. And he’s declared
himself ready to marry when he
finds a suitable match. Alice can
be very sociable and attractive
when she has a mind to be. She
doesn’t always have a mind to be.
LANDLADY
I think she is just the picture of
charm and we will be so very sorry
to see you go, Miss Longabaugh, you
and Mr. Longabaugh both.
(MORE)

57.
LANDLADY (CONT'D)
And of course Mr. Longabaugh’s dog,
little President Pierce, bless him.
Where is he now?
EXT. PRAIRIE - DAY
DAYS LATER
We hear the steady yapping of a small dog but we are close on
an ox, in harness. We lead the ox; it is looking past us with
watery, sad brown eyes.
Reverse: the wagon ahead. The terrier stands inside with its
forepaws up against the tailgate, looking out the back,
steadily yapping. We can tell from its body that its tail is
furiously wagging. It is keeping steady eye-contact with the
ox behind.
Alice trudges before the wagon in which the dog yaps. She
wears a broad-brimmed hat. Gilbert walks slightly ahead.
Ahead of both a young man, seen only from behind, leads their
team of oxen.
After a long beat walking:
Gilbert.

ALICE

GILBERT
Yes, sister.
The dog is still yapping, and indeed yaps throughout.
Alice is hesitant:
ALICE
Two people have asked me about
President Pierce.
Asked?

GILBERT

ALICE
Well... complained.
GILBERT
About what?
ALICE
The barking.
GILBERT
Indeed. Why to you?

58.
ALICE
I believe they assumed he was my
dog.
GILBERT
Well I don’t know what to say.
President Pierce is a nervous
creature, and excited by animals
larger than himself.
ALICE
Almost all animals are larger than
President Pierce.
GILBERT
(nettled)
Well what of it?
ALICE
People are... wondering if he will
bark all the way to the Willamette
Valley.
GILBERT
What if he does? There are property
rights. The dog is my property. My
property barks. There you have it.
They walk in silence. Then:
GILBERT (CONT’D)
What did you tell them?
ALICE
... Well. Not that.
GILBERT
Yes, I can only imagine what you
said. Alice: sometimes you have to
tell people what’s what.
Gilbert raises his hand and coughs into it, probably from the
choking dust.
EXT. PRAIRIE - NIGHT
DAYS LATER
Night. On the prairie.
Alice sits on the ground against a wagon wheel, in distress.
Her knees are drawn up and her hands clamp either side of her
head. She is hyperventilating.

59.
The little dog is near her, yapping up toward the wagon.
From inside the wagon, moans building to a scream of agony.
The scream is succeeded by heavy breathing and then a rasping
voice:
Alice!

GILBERT

Staring at the ground she shakes her head, still
hyperventilating.
She looks up.
Peeking out over the tailgate of the next wagon in the circle
is a small child. He stares at her.
Alice!

GILBERT (CONT’D)

EXT. PRAIRIE - NEXT MORNING
Gilbert lies inside the wagon gazing upward, dead.
Alice stares down at him.
Early sunlight is diffused by the wagon’s canvas skin.
VOICE
Ma’am... Um, Miss... condolences...
A man nearing sixty, mounted, looks in over the tailgate. It
is Mr. Arthur, one of the two trailbosses. He is
uncomfortable:
MR. ARTHUR
Condolences——goin back?
Alice stares at him. It is as if she has not heard. Her mouth
hangs open.
Mr. Arthur grows only more uncomfortable under her stare.
MR. ARTHUR (CONT’D)
... You, uh, goin back now, er...
As we hear approaching hoofbeats Mr. Arthur’s panicked look
shifts to the approaching rider, appealing for help.
BILLY KNAPP
Did you lose him?

60.
She stares at Billy Knapp. Gathering that she is not ready to
talk, his tone is gentle:
BILLY KNAPP (CONT’D)
I am so very sorry. I will get a
spade.
She finds her voice:
ALICE
Yesterday morning he was fine.
BILLY KNAPP
It is very quick, cholera.
Mr. Arthur has withdrawn a half-length behind Billy Knapp, to
whom he mutters:
MR. ARTHUR
She a go-backer?
BILLY KNAPP
Will you be goin back, Miss? Or
pressin on?
She stares at him.
He waits, and then a gentle prod:
BILLY KNAPP (CONT’D)
... Goin back, or, stayin with the
train?
ALICE
Goin back where?
Uh...

BILLY KNAPP

ALICE
I... don’t have people.
BILLY KNAPP
Anyone ahead? In Oregon?
ALICE
... There is a gentleman... but I
have not met him. I know his name.
BILLY KNAPP
Well... I’ll get a spade.

61.
EXT. GRAVESITE - LATER
Billy Knapp is walloping the ground with the flat of a
shovel. His close-mouthed colleague Mr. Arthur watches from
his horse, arms draped over the saddle horn.
Billy Knapp notices Alice approaching and in deference stops
packing the earth; he presses at the ground with his toe.
She draws up, looking at the patch of earth.
BILLY KNAPP
Don’t want him dug up. Uh... you
want a marker of any kind, or...
She is staring at the ground. She looks up at him. No answer.
He takes it as answer.
BILLY KNAPP (CONT’D)
Well. We’ll leave it at that.
Better anyway not to advertise to
the Indians. They will scavenge.
She looks at him with alarm, which he notes.
BILLY KNAPP (CONT’D)
... They don’t bother us, none. Too
much trouble attackin a wagon
train, too little reward. You got a
hired boy don’t you Miss
Longabaugh?
Yes. Matt.

ALICE

BILLY KNAPP
‘N he’ll handle the team.
ALICE
He has been. Gilbert did very
little.
BILLY KNAPP
Very well. You call upon myself or
Mr. Arthur if you...
She looks from one man to the other.
Mr. Arthur says nothing. He turns his horse and rides away.

62.
EXT. TRAILBOSS’ COOKFIRE - NIGHT
Two men sit at a campfire: facing us, Mr. Arthur, and facing
away, Billy Knapp, who is just lifting a brand from the fire
to light himself a cigarette. The men sit in contented quiet,
comfortable enough with each other to not talk.
When Mr. Arthur sees Alice walking up he catches Billy’s eye
and hastily rises, and Billy Knapp follows.
Miss.

BILLY KNAPP

ALICE
Please, sit down. Could I ask your
advice, Mr. Knapp?
BILLY KNAPP
Certainly, miss. Will you have a
coffee with us?
ALICE
No thank you. My hired boy, Matt.
He told me that my brother promised
him half his wages when we get to
Fort Laramie.
Yes miss?
Well...

BILLY KNAPP
ALICE

BILLY KNAPP
What’d he say that was?
ALICE
Two hundred dollars.
BILY
Two hundred dollars is half?
ALICE
Yes. And the other half when we get
to the Willamette Valley.
Billy Knapp and Mr. Arthur exchange a look.
MR. ARTHUR
A high price.
These words——the first we’ve heard Mr. Arthur speak——have
been addressed to no one in particular. Billy Knapp addresses
Alice:

63.
BILLY KNAPP
It is an extravagant wage.
Is it?

ALICE

MR. ARTHUR
That’s a high price.
BILLY KNAPP
Do you think the boy is telling a
story? Now that your brother is no
longer...
ALICE
I don’t know.
The two men again look at each other.
ALICE (CONT’D)
... Gilbert was not a good business
person. He had an enterprise in
Iowa City, that ended poorly... And
earlier, another that...
There is no judgment in the question:
BILLY KNAPP
He was a failure?
I suppose.

ALICE

BILLY KNAPP
Still, the boy...
MR. ARTHUR
That’s a high price.
ALICE
Well. There is another problem.
I... I cannot find any money in the
wagon. I believe Gilbert kept it in
his waistcoat.
Again, the two men look at each other.
BILLY KNAPP
Then he’s still got it.
MR. ARTHUR
One day’s ride.

64.
BILLY KNAPP
Yessir but, what, midday tomorrow,
I smoothed it, kicked scrub over
it’n who knows what passed in the
night. No, I don’t think so. No.
He turns back to Alice. He thinks. At length:
BILLY KNAPP (CONT’D)
... I suggest you not argue with
the boy til we get to Fort Laramie.
And then?

ALICE

Quiet.
BILLY KNAPP
Well, maybe I will talk to the boy,
see if I can shake him loose from
his story. Four hundred dollars. I
don’t know. I will have to think on
this one.
EXT. PRAIRIE - NEXT DAY
We hear dog yapping.
We are looking at the back of a young man in a battered felt
hat who trudges along leading a team of oxen.
He looks over his shoulder. He is an unprepossessing young
man.
Behind him: Alice. She does not react to the boy’s sullen
look.
EXT. ALICE’S COOKFIRE - EVENING
Alice and the young man are eating wordlessly at their
cookfire.
Intermittent yaps from the dog.
Billy Knapp walks up.
BILLY KNAPP
Miss, could I have a word?
ALICE
Certainly Mr. Knapp, can I offer
you supper?

65.
BILLY KNAPP
Thank you, miss, I have had mine.
I——
The young man, having given Billy Knapp a hostile look on his
arrival, now rises and leaves with his plate of food. Billy
Knapp watches him go, then looks back at Alice.
BILLY KNAPP (CONT’D)
This is awkward miss, but people
have complained to Mr. Arthur and
myself about your little, uh,
President Pierce. I have no doubt
but that your dog is——
ALICE
He is not my dog.
... Miss?

BILLY KNAPP

ALICE
He was——Mr. Longabaugh’s. I know
it’s terrible, the noise. I don’t
know what to do.
BILLY KNAPP
I see. I see. Well then——I thought
he was your dog——maybe this is
quite a simple matter, uh... could
I put him down for you, miss?
ALICE
All right. Well. Could we not just
scare him off?
BILLY KNAPP
Well no, we are his food so he will
try to follow, long as he can. And
then——a wolf might play with him
before he eats him. Faster is
better.
ALICE
Yes. I understand. Yes, thank you
very much, if you would take care
of it.
BILLY KNAPP
It will be no trouble at all, miss.
I will attend to it right away.——Oh
(lowered voice)
(MORE)

66.
BILLY KNAPP (CONT'D)
I regret to have to tell you——I
talked to your boy Matt. I could
not get him to budge.
ALICE
Well. Well. Thank you Mr. Knapp,
you are very kind to extend
yourself.
BILLY KNAPP
It is no trouble, miss. Here we go,
little dog...
He stoops, coaxing the terrier in with an extended hand. He
scoops it up.
BILLY KNAPP (CONT’D)
... All right, miss.
He touches his hat and walks away, dog in the crook of his
arm, around the wagon toward a nearby rise.
Alice watches the spot he left.
She rouses herself, takes another bite of food.
No appetite. She sets the plate down.
She reseats herself leaning against a wagon wheel. She draws
her knees up, brings her hands up to cover her ears.
A long wait.
A pop! She flinches.
She slowly lowers her hands.
She starts to rise, and then:
Pop!
She is puzzled.
Then, two more in quick succession: pop! pop!
She goes around the wagon, looks out.
The nearby rise.
After a beat, Billy Knapp appears. He walks toward her, gun
at his side. He looks sheepish.
When he arrives:

67.
BILLY KNAPP (CONT’D)
I set President Pierce down and he
moved just as I fired. He skittered
off, miss——I don’t believe I hit
him a’tall.
Oh. Oh my.

ALICE

BILLY KNAPP
I am truly sorry, miss, I should
have deputized Mr. Arthur. That man
is a crack shot. I did not expect
it to... to...
ALICE
Well. It was very kind of you.
BILLY KNAPP
I do not think you will see
President Pierce again...
ALICE
Yes. Yes, thank you Mr. Knapp.
EXT. PRAIRIE - DAY
Trudging. Alice somewhat behind, the sullen youth leading the
oxen.
GAL10

EXT. TRAILBOSS’ COOKFIRE #2 - NIGHT
Mr. Arthur and Billy Knapp are at their cookfire. Billy Knapp
swirls a little coffee in a cup, takes a last sip and tosses
the dregs. He takes a plug of tobacco from his shirt pocket
and bites off a chaw.
Nearby Mr. Arthur turns his empty cup upside down and taps
the grounds into the fire. Billy Knapp hands him the plug.
Obliged.

MR. ARTHUR

He looks up at the sound of footsteps. Alice approaching.
Billy Knapp rises quickly to his feet. Mr. Arthur remains
sitting.
ALICE
I’m, I’m sorry to trouble you
again. There’s no need to——

68.
BILLY KNAPP
You are no trouble, Miss
Longabaugh.
ALICE
I do apologize, Mr. Knapp,
interupting your supper.
Mr. Arthur has risen to his feet. He walks off towards the
horses.
BILLY KNAPP
Miss, please set your mind at ease.
I have hired on as trailboss and it
is my duty to guide the train and
meet square any unexpected problem.
You have full call on my services.
ALICE
Well I am grateful whether it is
your duty or not. But things are
developing for the worse. Matt——my
boy——
Yes?

BILLY KNAPP

ALICE
Matt has asked me to affirm his
arrangement with my brother. He
asks me to declare that he will
receive his two payments——at Fort
Laramie, and in Oregon. He says if
I will not affirm it, he will
depart. He will join the first
party of go-backers we meet.
BILLY KNAPP
And leave you. Leave you here with
the wagon, high and dry.
Yes.

ALICE

BILLY KNAPP
Well well well. The impertinence.
ALICE
Yes, but...
BILLY KNAPP
Please set down miss. We had better
talk about this.

69.
She does.
ALICE
I don’t like it. But I don’t know
that it is wrong of him to ask. He
is doing a job, for pay.
BILLY KNAPP
Well. You are very broadminded, to
see the other side of it.
ALICE
But then what shall I do, Mr.
Knapp? Shall I confess I have no
money? What is right?
BILLY KNAPP
What is right.
He nods. They both stare into the fire.
Billy Knapp finally stirs.
BILLY KNAPP (CONT’D)
Miss Longabaugh. I cannot offer to
drive your team or tend your wagon
in place of the boy. Mr. Arthur——
ALICE
I would not ask you to do so!
BILLY KNAPP
Indeed, these are my thoughts not
yours. Mr. Arthur and I have to
ride one in front of the train, one
behind, we take turns pilot and
drag. But... Will you trust me for
a day?
ALICE
Well. Certainly. But how so?
BILLY KNAPP
Tell the boy that you affirm the
agreement. I want to think on this
for a day. I have a notion that you
may think is crackpot, but I do not
believe it is.
ALICE
I’m sure it is not crackpot.

70.
BILLY KNAPP
Well we’ll see. Give me a day. I
must talk to Mr. Arthur. Then we
will talk tomorrow, and if you
think it is a bad idea, why, then,
we will only have taken one extra
day of the boy’s labor.
GAL11

EXT. PRAIRIE - DAY
Mr. Arthur rides in the dust haze at the back of the wagon
train, bandana around his lower face and hat brim pulled low
as protection against the dust stirred by all the wagons he
trails.
Billy Knapp trots oncoming and wheels around to ride with
him. He pulls his own bandana up.
BILLY KNAPP
Afternoon, pardner.
Afternoon.

MR. ARTHUR

A beat of silent riding.
Then, with jollity:
BILLY KNAPP
Which is worse, pardner, dust or
mud?
MR. ARTHUR
Both I guess.
Another beat.
BILLY KNAPP
... Say, I am thinking of proposing
to Miss Longabaugh.
The shortest beat.
MR. ARTHUR
That right.
BILLY KNAPP
Yes, and if she accepts, well then,
I plan to settle in Oregon. This
would be my last wagon train...
Another beat.

71.
BILLY KNAPP (CONT’D)
... I will farm.
Uh-huh.

MR. ARTHUR

BILLY KNAPP
Well. We’ll see how she takes it.
Mr. Arthur says nothing.
BILLY KNAPP (CONT’D)
... Well, I will head back up.
Unless you desire a swap.
Nope.

MR. ARTHUR

BILLY KNAPP
... Afternoon.
Afternoon.

MR. ARTHUR

Billy Knapp gallops off.
GAL12

EXT. CIRCLED WAGONS - NIGHT
It is night and two fiddlers play for a gathering within the
circled wagons. Alice stands among the people watching those
who dance. Billy Knapp enters.
Miss.

BILLY KNAPP

ALICE
Good evening Mr. Knapp.
As he joins her she turns back to the dancing, and both stand
watching for a beat.
BILLY KNAPP
May we talk for a moment?
ALICE
Yes, of course.
The two amble to get a little distance from the noise.
ALICE (CONT’D)
So. Your crackpot notion.

72.
BILLY KNAPP
Yes. Yes. Before I expose it——may I
ask something?
Certainly.

ALICE

BILLY KNAPP
What... possibilities do you look
forward to in Oregon?
She slows and they find themselves stopping at a tilted-up
oxcart. Alice seats herself on it and, as she considers her
answer, Billy plants one foot on a drive shaft and drapes
forearms over his knees.
ALICE
I don’t quite know. Gilbert
knows——knew——someone there, a Mr.
Vereen, who owns an orchard, or
maybe more than one orchard, and a
cartage company. He was vague about
his connection with Mr. Vereen and,
and about his own prospective
position. I don’t wish to slight my
brother’s memory, but, he could...
exaggerate the nature of an
opportunity. As I have told you, he
had little aptitude for business.
And Mr. Vereen’s interest in...
myself——I fear that may also have
been speculative...
BILLY KNAPP
I see. I see. So this is no
definite prospect of marriage, no
contract.
I——no.

ALICE

BILLY KNAPP
Well my idea then is this. And I
submit it in respect, Miss
Longabaugh. I propose to assume
your brother’s debt to the hired
boy, and to... to ask you to marry
me.
Oh!

ALICE

BILLY KNAPP
I submit it in respect.

73.

Oh! Oh.

ALICE

BILLY KNAPP
I... my notion is to farm in the
Willamette.
ALICE
... I don’t know what to say.
BILLY KNAPP
I have ambushed you, I am very
sorry.
No, no.

ALICE

BILLY KNAPP
I should clarify what brings me to
say these things or I will seem
like the veriest bounder. I have
found myself thinking about certain
matters, um. I have been bustin
trail for fifteen years, the last
twelve with Mr. Arthur. Mr. Arthur
is a top man. Top man. But he is
getting older, and... slower to
straighten in the morning. Sleeping
on the ground, miss, to have no
family and to sleep on the ground.
ALICE
Yes. Yes. It cannot be easy.
BILLY KNAPP
Yes, looking at him, well... I
myself have come to the age where,
either I will settle, and have
children who can take care of me
when I am old. Or I will not. That
time will have passed.
Yes.

ALICE

BILLY KNAPP
So I have found myself thinking,
well, if I met a, a maiden, or a
widow of honor, uh, perhaps I
would...
Yes.

ALICE

74.
BILLY KNAPP
Present myself...
ALICE
Yes, I see.
Uh...

BILLY KNAPP

They both gaze into the fire, the most neutral place to look.
At length, but still looking in the fire:
BILLY KNAPP (CONT’D)
You’re acquainted with the 1872
Grant?
Alice looks at him.
I am not.

ALICE

He is still looking in the fire.
BILLY KNAPP
Settler in Oregon can claim 320
acres. Married couple can claim
640. There is a, um... In Fort
Laramie there is a Mr. Bourgeois
who can sanctify marriage.
After some thought.
ALICE
Do you engage in divine worship.
Now he looks at her, finding relief in a matter-of-fact
question.
BILLY KNAPP
Yes, I am a Methodist. Yourself,
miss?
ALICE
I am Episcopalian.
Again they lapse into a silence, but not a troubled one.
Religion does not seem to be an impediment.
Then:
ALICE (CONT’D)
What is your... Christian name, Mr.
Knapp?

75.
BILLY KNAPP
William. I am Billy Knapp.
ALICE
I am Alice Longabaugh.
He nods.
Alice looks into the fire.
ALICE (CONT’D)
Well... now I suppose it is my turn
to think.
He rises.
BILLY KNAPP
Of course. We will um... We will
let the boy keep working for the
moment? On his assumption of
payment?
Alice looks at him, draws breath to answer, but stops,
frowning. She does not move.
Billy Knapp looks at her, trying to read her look, wondering
whether he should be dismayed by it. Then he too frowns.
We begin to hear it: a distant yapping. It fades, grows,
fades, as the wind rolls it back and forth across the border
of audibility.
GAL13

EXT. PRAIRIE - NEXT DAY
On another wagon: a woman rides on the jockey box with a babe
in arms.
Two bigger children, boys, walk in front of the wagon. One of
the boys is walking backwards. The other is laughing.
WOMAN
What are you doing, Israel?
BOY
Walking backwards. Gonna walk the
rest of the way to Oregon
backwards.
WOMAN
Don’t do that.
Why not?

BOY

76.
WOMAN
I said don’t do that.
The father, walking by the oxen with a switch, turns and
whips the boy’s back.
FATHER
Don’t do that.
The boy stumbles round, surprised and smarting. The father
turns back to the oxen with a dark:
FATHER (CONT’D)
... Listen to yer mother.
GAL14

EXT. PRAIRIE/SMALL STREAM - DAY
HEAD OF THE WAGON TRAIN
Today Mr. Arthur is in the fresh-aired vanguard.
He draws his horse to a halt at the brink of a gentle
declivity to a small stream lined by cottonwoods. He looks
side to side, assessing.
Mr. Arthur gives a look up at the sun, considers.
He reins his horse around and backtracks to meet the
approaching lead wagon, holding up one hand.
Noon here.

GAL15

MR. ARTHUR

EXT. SMALL STREAM - MINUTES LATER
The chunking of wagon wheels has stopped at the cut, replaced
by clatter and wallah of people preparing food and chatting
and tending to chores.
Billy Knapp descends toward the stream, dusty and sweating.
Reverse on Mr. Arthur, sitting before a cookfire and eating.
Many people have come down to eat by the stream, or to wash
things in it, or——children——to play in it.
Mr. Arthur’s back is to us. Responding to the sound of Billy
Knapp’s approach he glances back over his shoulder. As Billy
Knapp draws up and sits Mr. Arthur hands over a plate of
dinner.
Thank you.

BILLY KNAPP

77.
The two men eat.
GAL16

EXT. PRAIRIE - LATER
The train has resumed; Alice trudges behind her wagon.
VOICE
Miss, uh...
She looks around. Billy Knapp, mounted, is trotting up from
behind.
BILLY KNAPP
I thought I should add, miss, to my
proposal?
ALICE
You may call me Alice.
Billy dismounts and leads his horse to walk alongside her.
BILLY KNAPP
I thought I should add, Alice——lest
I seem hard-nosed——if you see fit
to decline my proposal, why, there
is more than one way to skin a cat.
We might find a boy from another
wagon to drive your team, use your
oxen as payment in Oregon. Someone
might be willing. Or distribute
your necessities among other
wagons. We will get you to Oregon,
safe and sound, I don’t wish to
present myself as the only
alternative to ruination. It would
be wrong to take advantage.
ALICE
The thought does you credit,
William. But I’m inclined to accept
your proposal.
BILLY KNAPP
All right. All right.
ALICE
I didn’t take your offer to be
opportunism and I don’t take
yourself to be hard-nosed.
BILLY KNAPP
That puts my mind at ease, I am
glad to hear it.

78.
ALICE
My dear brother was very hardnosed. But never very successful.
Those two things, in
combination——it made life a
frustration for him.
BILLY KNAPP
I see how it would. You feel badly
for him.
ALICE
I do. Now. More than I did. Other
people didn’t care for him. He had
only me And I had only him.
BILLY KNAPP
I am very sorry that you have lost
him. But he is with his creator.
His way is easy now.
ALICE
Yes, of course. Yes, his way was
difficult. I must say, it was
difficult to be with him, he never
found calm and he never gave calm.
I was very nervous being with him.
Not afraid of him——he would not
hurt a fly——I was just——not at
ease. I was eaten up by nerves at
the thought of talking to Mr.
Vereen for instance. The thought of
meeting him was an agony. I don’t
know how I would have done it. And
yet you are so very easy to talk
to.
BILLY KNAPP
Perhaps we’ll find comfort
together, spiritual ease——that was
my hope as well. Alice.
ALICE
Yes. William.
GAL17

EXT. PRAIRIE - DUSK
Billy Knapp is bent low, hobbling his horse. He speaks to the
horse’s front feet.

79.
BILLY KNAPP
Well, it... it appears that Miss
Longabaugh is inclined to accept my
proposal.
He straightens up. Mr. Arthur has unsaddled and hobbled his
own horse and is now at their pack mule, examining its load.
Uh huh.

MR. ARTHUR

BILLY KNAPP
Yes, it uh... Of course you will do
fine, solo, no doubt about it, a
man of your skills will always be
in high demand.
Mr. Arthur is picking through the pack.
MR. ARTHUR
... Wheres’at mecate rope?——Neb
mind, here it is.
GAL18

EXT. ALICE’S COOKFIRE #2 - NIGHT
Billy Knapp and Alice sit at Alice’s fire, both gazing into
it, Billy Knapp holding a cup of coffee.
A long beat.
ALICE
... When will we see buffalo?
BILLY KNAPP
Oh soon, very soon.
Another beat. Billy Knapp’s musings are directed at the fire:
BILLY KNAPP (CONT’D)
... Used to hunt the big shaggies,
provisioned for the army. Did some
trapping. Years. Found myself
missing animals’t walked upright.
Started piloting. Partnered up with
Mr. Arthur.
ALICE
What did Mr. Arthur do, previously?
Billy Knapp thinks, realizes:
BILLY KNAPP
Don’t know...

80.
More fire-gazing.
BILLY KNAPP (CONT’D)
... That man is a wonder. He can
read the prairie like a book. To
see him cut for sign, well——you’d
think the good lord dealt us each
our five senses, then bottom-dealt
Mr. Arthur one extra. Still... he
is old. I don’t know how it will go
with him. His affairs may... I
can’t help feeling in the wrong.
ALICE
Your first responsibility is to
your household.
BILLY KNAPP
Yes, but...
ALICE
I’m sorry. I should not dismiss it
with an easy apothegm.
Yes.

BILLY KNAPP

Quiet.
ALICE
Gilbert had a saying for any
situation. A ready bit of wisdom.
He was very certain.
BILLY KNAPP
He was a doughface?
ALICE
How did——oh, yes. He was an admirer
of President Pierce, yes, very much
so. He had fixed political beliefs.
All of his beliefs were quite
fixed, even those that... fortune
did not tend to endorse. He would
upbraid me for being “wishy-washy.”
I never had his certainties. I
suppose it’s a defect.
BILLY KNAPP
Oh, I don’t think it is a defect at
all. Oh no. Uncertainty——that is
appropriate for the matters of this
world. Only regarding the next are
we vouchsafed certainty.

81.

Yes.

ALICE

BILLY KNAPP
I believe certainty regarding that
which we see and touch——it is
seldom justified, if ever. Down the
ages, from our remote past, what
certainties survive? And yet we
hurry to fashion new ones. Wanting
their comfort.
(shakes his head)
“Certainty”——it is the easy path,
just as you said.
They are both looking into the fire.
ALICE
Strait is the gate...
BILLY KNAPP
... and narrow the way. Indeed.
Indeed.
GAL19

EXT. STREAMBED - DAY
Mr. Arthur sinks into a squat in close shot, looking down at
the ground.
The soft ground in the streambed he has stopped at, shows
hoofprints.
Back to Mr. Arthur. His look swivels to his left, following
the line of prints.
He slowly rises, his appraising look directed at the horizon.
The wagon train in the background——behind him——continues to
advance toward us, its lead wagon almost arrived.
Mr. Arthur’s point-of-view shows a gentle rise but not much
other punctuation on the horizon. Peaceful as can be.
The man walking before the first wagon in the train is
drawing even. He calls out:
MAN
Sign, Mr. Arthur?
MR. ARTHUR
Horses.
(a gesture forward as he
mounts up)
Keep on. Gonna talk to Mr. Knapp.

82.
GAL20

EXT. PRAIRIE/WAGON TRAIN - DAY
MR. ARTHUR
At a canter, going down the line of wagons.
A puzzled look as he draws even with the wagon led by Matt,
Alice’s sullen employee.
MR. ARTHUR
Wharza woman?
Tsat?

MATT

Mr. Arthur reins his horse around to walk abreast with Matt
as they talk.
MR. ARTHUR
Mrs. Longabaugh, wharshe?
MATT
Went o’er air.
A vague wave to the left of the wagon train——the same
perpendicular traced by the hoofprints.
MR. ARTHUR
O’er air? Whyzat?
MATT
Huh. I’dno. Heard that mutt
barkin’. Pres’dent Pierce.
There is some concern now in Mr. Arthur’s look toward the
horizon.
MR. ARTHUR
Whenshe go?
MATT
Wull. I’dno.
MR. ARTHUR
Whenshe go?!
A shrug from Matt.
Half ar.
Uh-hnghh.

MATT
MR. ARTHUR

83.
A beat looking and he spurs his horse to the left.
GAL21

EXT. PRAIRIE - MINUTES LATER
Mr. Arthur is spurring and reining his horse in a forwardsideways diagonal, looking intently down at the prairie grass
just in front of him. The wagon train is in the deep
background, several hundred yards behind Mr. Arthur now,
separated from him by——to our eyes——unmarked prairie grass.
Mr. Arthur abruptly tacks, taking the opposite-ways diagonal
forward, eyes still trained on the grass just before him. He
stops the horse, looks up.
His point of view, since he now has a bit of elevation, shows
gently receding waves of prairie grass. No human yet visible.
He spurs his horse forward.

GAL22

EXT. PRAIRIE DOG VILLAGE - DAY
FURTHER ON
Mr. Arthur tops a rise and reins his horse in to look down
into the swale below. Ms. Longabaugh is sitting on a small
hillock holding a yapping President Pierce.
In front of her the earth is disturbed by a multitude of
small mounds and holes out of which, every now and then, pops
the head of a prairie dog.
Mr. Arthur looks around from his high perspective then
gentles his horse down the rise toward the woman.
A MINUTE LATER
Mr. Arthur arriving. Alice, smiling, sits on her horse
holding President Pierce, beguiled by the little animals at
which President Pierce barks. Her eyes stay on the animals as
she talks.
ALICE
What are they, Mr. Arthur?
MR. ARTHUR
Prairie dogs, ma’am. Uh, ma’am...
We best, uh...
She still watches the little animals, one or two of whom give
little chirping barks back at President Pierce.

84.
MR. ARTHUR (CONT’D)
... Ma’am, there’s uh——
ALICE
Aren’t they darling?
MR. ARTHUR
Yes’m. We’d better——um, gittin
late.
She laughs.
ALICE
It’s hours till dark.
Mr. Arthur’s look has latched onto something on the horizon.
It locks there.
ALICE (CONT’D)
... I believe President Pierce is
trying to understand whether those
creatures are other dogs, or——
Mr. Arthur abruptly dismounts. He strides over to Alice’s
horse.
Git down.

MR. ARTHUR

ALICE
Why, Mr. Arthur——
He pulls at her with an urgency that precludes resistance.
MR. ARTHUR
Git down now, Miss.
He has half-pulled her down but she has landed on her feet
and the dog has left her arms to yap at the prairie dogs.
Alice is alarmed by his sudden change of attitude.
ALICE
Mr. Arthur——
He is not even looking at her: he is hobbling her horse.
MR. ARTHUR
Set below this rise here.
He goes to hobble his own horse as she watches, bewildered.
ALICE
But——we’re not going back?

85.
MR. ARTHUR
Not directly.
A short gesture with his head.
She looks——and gives a sobbing little cry.
An Indian on horseback, motionless, silhouetted on the
distant rise.
Mr. Arthur rises from his horse and takes five strides out
toward the Indian, holding his hand out toward him head palmforward. He stops, fixed in the palm-out pose.
No motion from the Indian.
Mr. Arthur returns:
MR. ARTHUR (CONT’D)
We’re in for a fight. He won’t
answer m’peace sign’n he’s a Sioux.
(shakes his head)
We can’t make a run for it through
this dog-town.
She is agitated but tries to calm herself with a thought:
ALICE
There’s only one savage.
Mr. Arthur laughs.
MR. ARTHUR
Keep lookin.
Other Indians are joining the first, forming a facing line.
There are perhaps twenty of them all told. Mr. Arthur is
dragging the saddle off his horse, plants it as fort on a
small hillock.
MR. ARTHUR (CONT’D)
... They’ll crush us. Course, dogholes as bad fer them as fer us,
and they don’t know how to fight.
He unscabards his Winchester and checks the breach, gets out
his revolver and checks it, talking as he works:
MR. ARTHUR (CONT’D)
If they was to come in on all sides
I couldn’t handle ‘em, but they
rush in a bunch, like damn fools!
He chuckles——but then catches himself at the bad language.

86.
MR. ARTHUR (CONT’D)
Beg pardon, Miss. Now you set
there, take this.
He is giving her the revolver. She will not reach for it; he
grabs her wrist and closes her hand over the gun.
MR. ARTHUR (CONT’D)
Take’t now. Two bullets in it.
She is starting to tremble.
MR. ARTHUR (CONT’D)
Don’t mean f’you to help me. You
can’t help me, don’t even try, jus’
keep tucked low here below the
crest. If I see we’re licked, I’ll
drop back’n shoot you and then
shoot m’self, so that’s okay. But
if you see that I’m done for, well,
you’ll have to do fer yourself...
He puts a finger on her forehead.
MR. ARTHUR (CONT’D)
You put it right there so’s ya
cain’t miss.
No no——

ALICE

MR. ARTHUR
This is business Miss Longabaugh.
They ketch you well it won’t be so
good. After they... take off ever
stitch a yer clothes n’have their
way with ye they’ll stretch you out
with a rawhide to each of yer
arms’n legs. Then they’ll drive a
stake through the middle of your
body into the ground and then... do
some other things. And we can’t
have that.
She is shaking.
Now he reassures:
MR. ARTHUR (CONT’D)
We ain’t licked yet. But if we are,
you know what to do.
She vigorously nods.

87.
MR. ARTHUR (CONT’D)
... That first injun there, he’s
the mucky-muck’n if I shoot him
well that’s bad medicine’n I think
they’ll all lose their spit’n light
out.
He chuckles again.
MR. ARTHUR (CONT’D)
They’re a funny bunch.
(starts down the hill to
his saddle)
Anyway, we’ll have a GOOD fight!
He covers, making himself comfortable behind the saddle,
rifle resting on it.
The Indians have started to move, the center of their line
easing into a canter and the ends moving toward the middle to
fall into line behind: a ragged charge of a two-abreast
column.
Mr. Arthur projects:
MR. ARTHUR (CONT’D)
They’ll start makin noise now,
sposed to skeer us but it won’t
bother us none will it Miss?
She returns a rather tremulous——
ALICE
No, Mr. Arthur.
——as the whooping starts.
Crack!——the first rifle shot from one of the Indians. A
couple more. Mr. Arthur is sighting but not firing.
MR. ARTHUR
Well that’s a waste a bullets.
More gunfire from the Indians as the column starts to split,
each side peeling off but still advancing.
We now hear the whistle of bullets going by close. Divots
spring out of the earth near the saddle, spraying earth
Mr. Arthur does not react, but now he fires. A forward horse
goes down, dumping its rider.

88.
Mr. Arthur tracks another rider as the incoming fire
continues. But the horse suddenly spills without his firing.
He bellows:
MR. ARTHUR (CONT’D)
... Dog-hole!
He swings to track another forward rider: the man with the
headdress, the lead Indian.
He fires: a miss.
More and more incoming bullets, nearby impacts. Alice’s horse
screams and rears, hit, its hobbled legs awkwardly pawing air
until it collapses, still screaming.
Mr. Arthur fires at a rider now at the forward-most part of
the two advancing, peeling columns. The man is hit.
He swings his gun to the rider on the mirroring side, fires,
hits the horse. As it goes down its rider leaps clear.
The two columns have now peeled completely and are winding
back in retreat.
The Indian whose horse was shot is running forward though,
still whooping. Mr. Arthur takes leisurely aim, and fires,
ending his charge.
The whoops of the other Indians continue but are fading, in
retreat.
Mr. Arthur eases up from the saddle. He again takes careful
aim at something:
The Indian struggling to his feet by the dog-holed horse,
which itself is flopping awkwardly, screaming.
Mr. Arthur fires. The Indian is hit.
Mr. Arthur relaxes.
MR. ARTHUR (CONT’D)
Okay, they got the lay of the land.
He reloads his gun, attention split between it and the
Indians.
Their whoops have abated, but they are reforming on the
ridge.
MR. ARTHUR (CONT’D)
... This time they’ll come with a
purpose. You all right Miss?

89.
ALICE
Yes Mr. Arthur.
He goes to Alice’s whimpering horse and shoots it in the
head. He goes to his own horse taking out a knife, and with
one slice severs its hobble. He smacks it on the rump,
sending it galloping off.
The whooping is starting again as the Indians begin their
second charge. Mr. Arthur walks unhurriedly back to his
saddle-fort.
MR. ARTHUR
They ain’t gonna do it all day.
This’ll tell the tale.
This time he doesn’t bother with cover but remains standing,
sighting.
Distant cracks of gunfire.
Mr. Arthur is sighting at the man in headdress. A loud
crack——a miss.
Nearer incoming fire.
Mr. Arthur aims at the next man in line as the leader pulls
to the side and——crack——hits him, unridering the horse.
The Indians do not display the formation of their first
charge. They are more chaotic: they now seem to be
everywhere, whooping.
Crack!——Mr. Arthur hits anther Indian who has drawn almost
even and then quickly pans to aim at a rider passing on the
other side. Crack!——he fires, and misses.
He rises——
MR. ARTHUR (CONT’D)
Leave’m to me, Miss!
——and fires and the Indian is shot off his horse.
Crack——an incoming bullet flaps Mr. Arthur’s shirt.
He spins and quickly sights the incoming chief. He fires and
the man’s arm is hit and rifle lost. Mr. Arthur quickly fires
again and the man is thrown from the horse.
He is on the ground, not far away. Mr. Arthur advances on the
struggling man and, rifle at his hip, fires, hits him square
in the chest.

90.
He raises his rifle looking for a new target. But the Indians
start to rein their horses away, scattering, leaving the
field. Some of them fire at nothing as they withdraw, an
impotent gesture.
Among the milling horses are three now riderless mounts
jigging this way and that. Mr. Arthur turns from the horses,
targets a retreating Indian, and shoots him.
One of the loose horses is heading toward him from behind.
Mr. Arthur turns at the sound and lowers his rifle to
appraise.
The horse, which looks like it will pass him wide, suddenly
veers in and a rider swings up from its offside and in the
same motion swings an arm down with a club.
Mr. Arthur is caught square on the head and falls back,
landing limp and motionless.
The rider pulls his horse up and vaults down before it has
even stopped, his momentum sending him toward Mr. Arthur as
he pulls a knife from his belt.
As he reaches the inert body——Mr. Arthur’s right hand rises
with a revolver and fires.
The Indian falls dead.
Mr. Arthur woozily rises. He gazes out at the field.
The last of the Indians are disappearing. The occasional
distant gun pop.
Quiet returns. The only near sound is the rasping of a fallen
horse tripped by a dog-hole.
Mr. Arthur turns back to the crest of the hill where
President Pierce jumps and yaps.
Near the dog is Alice, lying on her back, a bullet hole in
her forehead.
Mr. Arthur comes up short, staring.
Oh my.

MR. ARTHUR (CONT’D)

He stares. He shakes his head in deep distress.
MR. ARTHUR (CONT’D)
Pore little gal. She hadn’t ought
to have did it!

91.
He turns away stunned, the dog yapping at his feet.
... Oh my.

MR. ARTHUR (CONT’D)

He walks woodenly away.
... Oh my.

MR. ARTHUR (CONT’D)

An Indian by the rasping horse is struggling to his hands and
knees. Mr. Arthur shoots him offhandedly as he passes.
Dissolve to:
GAL23

EXT. ANOTHER RISE - DAY
In an endless sea of grass.
Mr. Arthur crests the rise on foot, the Winchester slung
across his shoulder, the yapping dog still following.
Before him, in the distance, the wagon train lumbers away. A
small figure riding out from the end of it to meet him, is
Billy Knapp.
Beyond the wagon train, the rolling prairie.
FADE OUT
FADE IN on the title of the last story:
The Mortal Remains
We hear the rumble of wheels over gravel and dirt as we
dissolve to the last illustration.
Looking steeply up the side of a stagecoach in full flight,
at the coachman, framed against a twilight sky. He is dressed
in a greatcoat, his collar and scarf hiding his face. The
wind blows his scarf behind him as he cracks his whip. We pan
down to the caption:
He gave no sign that he had heard the Frenchman bellowing
into the wind.
We hear someone humming, then singing to himself——merry but
not loud: “It Makes Me Love Her All the More” as we dissolve
to the inside of the rattling stagecoach.

92.
INT. STAGECOACH - LATE DAY
We are looking in turn at the occupants of the coach: a
dapper Frenchman with a small mustache and a neat string tie,
gazing, bored, out the window. An imposing woman of late
middle-age, reading a small book with marbled pages and a red
ribbon bookmark, her lips pursed. An elderly man with unruly
white hair and an ill-trimmed white walrus mustache who is
asleep, chin on chest, bouncing with the motion of the coach.
A burly man in a too-tight suit.
And finally the singer: a middle-aged man impeccably dressed,
almost a dandy.
He finishes the verse with perhaps a bit too much energy: the
dozing elderly man jerks his head up and blinks and focuses.
The singer, Nelson Thigpen, has a British accent:
THIGPEN
Oh, I am sorry. Didn’t mean to wake
you, sir.
TRAPPER
(querulous)
You did not wake me!
He works his mouth, wets his lips, swallows.
TRAPPER (CONT’D)
... For I was not asleep.
Thigpen humors him:
THIGPEN
Oh, not asleep, I see.
He looks smilingly at the other occupants, and winks at the
starchy lady. But she will not be enlisted in derision: she
looks dryly back to her book.
Thigpen’s cheer is undimmed.
THIGPEN (CONT’D)
... Well I apologize for disturbing
anyone else. If I did.
He looks around to no reaction. The invitation to
conversation is not taken up, but the trapper, who has been
looking out the window, now wonders aloud:
TRAPPER
How much to go d’you reckon?

93.
THIGPEN
Oh not a great distance, not great
at all, we’re making good time. You
haven’t been to Fort Morgan before,
I take it.
TRAPPER
Me? No. You?
THIGPEN
Oh yes many times, many times.
Ferrying cargo.
A glance upward indicates the unseen cargo on the coach’s
roof. The trapper follows the glance.
TRAPPER
Him’s yourn?
THIGPEN
As much as he’s anyone’s, isn’t he,
Clarence.
The burly man nods.
LADY
A loved one?
THIGPEN
(giggle)
By somebody, perhaps!
FRENCHMAN
You did not know heem?
THIGPEN
(giggle)
We knew him only at the end.
CLARENCE
(confirming smile, gazing
out the window)
At the very end.
A beat of silence. Bouncing springs.
A sudden loud eruption:
No!

TRAPPER

(all turn to look at him;
he licks his lips)
I have not been to Fort Morgan. I
know little of cities.
(MORE)

94.
TRAPPER (CONT'D)
I am a trapper, living mostly alone
these last years. But I would
descend into town, ever so often,
with my pelts. Sell ‘em. And talk,
keep m’hand in. Talk. You have got
to keep your hand in, talkin. Even
if you live in the wild.
A moue of agreement from the Frenchman.
FRENCHMAN
Ees true. Practice.
TRAPPER
In town I would talk to them was
innnarested. Saloon mostly, till I
was asked to take m’bidness
elsewhere. What sense does that
make, there was only the one
saloon! The keeper called me
tedious. Tedious? Me?
(spits the word:)
Townsmen. Why, if tidings from the
greater world are tedious, if the
greater world, not trammeled by...
by...
THIGPEN
(helpful)
... human——
TRAPPER
(plowing on, unmindful)
I would descend from the mountains,
not having talked for many months,
with much to tell. Much to tell,
having stored considerable. Though
for many years I was not alone in
the wild, I did have a consort, a
stout woman of the Hunkpapa Sioux,
we had a companionship of sorts but
there is a lady present. A life
together marked by the passing of
the seasons and the corresponding
travels of game. In the latter she
took little interest——wal, her
duties was domestic, I would track
and trap and she would tarry
hearthside. We did not talk: she
did not have English and I am not
schooled in the gibberings of the
nations.
(MORE)

95.
TRAPPER (CONT'D)
Wal I say we did not talk but we
sometimes would, each in our own
tongue, often at length, without
benefit of understanding the other.
But the sound of a human voice is a
comfort when you’re cabined up in
the woods’n all’d otherwise be but
the murmur a wind and the plop a
snow from an overloaded branch. I
say not understanding each other
but twarn’t entirely so, I could
often read by means of the tenor of
her speech and certain facial
expressions the emotional import a
what she was sayin and she was
often vexed with me, I seldom knew
why. And then she moved on.
Silence. The passengers in the rattling coach absorb the
story.
An afterthought, loudly directed at the lady who is looking
at him with a distaste to which he is oblivious:
TRAPPER (CONT’D)
There was no issue.
Another beat. And then, warmly sympathetic, in an Irish lilt:
CLARENCE
Did you love her?
TRAPPER
Oh I don’t know I never even knew
her name but I will say this: the
nature of them vocal intonations
and the play of feelin upon her
face helped me to gather that
people are like ferrets. Or beaver.
One pretty much like the next. Yup
all alike I don’t doubt it’s the
same even if you travel to Siam.
LADY
People are not the same. There are
two kinds, utterly distinct.
Thigpen steps in as moderator:
THIGPEN
What would those be, madam, the two
kinds?

96.
FRENCHMAN
Lucky and unlucky.
CLARENCE
No, hale’n frail. Difficult to
knock to the floor, or wilting.
LADY
Those are not the two kinds. You
well know the two kinds.
TRAPPER
One kind, ain’t two kinds!——less
you mean trapper’n townsman.
LADY
Upright and sinning. Don’t be a
fool.
TRAPPER
Fool! Yes, I know, tedious fool,
you are not the first to lodge that
complaint——without grounds. I
challenge you for yer credentials
madam, fer assessin human worth.
People’re like ferrets.
LADY
People are not like ferrets, and I
speak not on my own authority but
on that of the holy bible.
TRAPPER
Wal the bible, people read it
diffurnt——
LADY
Yes——rightly or wrongly. And here I
speak with high authority. My
husband, Dr. Betjeman, was an
expert, a lecturer at the
Chattauqua on moral and spiritual
hygiene, now retired. I have the
benefit of his insights.
THIGPEN
Moral hygiene.
LADY
His lectures were spectacularly
attended. He was——he is——considered
an expert on spiritual betterment.
(to trapper)
Jacob’s ladder. Betterment.
(MORE)

97.
LADY (CONT'D)
But I don’t suppose you have ever
been much occupied with the
betterment of your soul.
TRAPPER
Well, I am not an enemy of
betterment.
(a beat as he gums)
But I am kept very busy with
m’traps.
The lady gives a mirthless hoot.
A rattling silence.
At length:
THIGPEN
Your husband isn’t with you.
The lady is prey to sadness.
LADY
We have been separated for some
time. He has been... East. Illness
has kept him but now we shall
reunite. It will be a great joy.
THIGPEN
He awaits you in Fort Morgan.
LADY
Yes. I have been living with my
daughter and son-in-law these last
three years.
The Frenchman tsks.
FRENCHMAN
The parent should not burden the
child’s household. This was wrong
of you.
LADY
I was not a burden! I was welcome
in my daughter’s house!
Her imperiousness belies her own claim, and the Frenchman
meets it with a skeptical smile and tilt of his head.

98.
FRENCHMAN
She would say so, of course. But no
doubt you could read in her facial
expressions, as pointed out by the
tedious man, that your presence was
not wanted. We each have a life.
Each a life, only our own.
LADY
You know nothing about me, or my
domestic affairs!
FRENCHMAN
I know that we must each spin our
wheel, play our own hand. I was
once at cards with a man named
Cipolski——this was very many years
ago——
TRAPPER
He a Polack?
FRENCHMAN
He was Polonaise, yes. And we wereTRAPPER
I knew a Polack.
The barking interruption nettles the Frenchman. He glares at
the trapper, awaiting the tiresome story to come, but gathers
from the ensuing silence that that was the whole of the
trapper’s digression.
The Frenchman draws new breath.
FRENCHMAN
We were at cards. My hand was poor;
I folded. Cipolski and four others
remain, but Cipolski says to me, I
am in distress, René, you play for
me while I perform mes
nécessités——my necessaries. I say,
friend, I cannot wager for you. But
of course you can, he says, we know
each other well——wager as I would
do. But this is quite impossible,
no? How a man wagers, it is decided
by who he is, by the entirety of
his experience of poker up until
the moment of that bet. I cannot
bet for you. Pourquoi pas? I cannot
know you. Not to this degree. We
must each play our own hand. No,
Cipolski, I say.
(MORE)

99.
FRENCHMAN (CONT'D)
We may call each other friends, but
we cannot know each other so.
TRAPPER
You can know’m. People are like
ferrets.
LADY
(explosive)
People are not like ferrets!
FRENCHMAN
You misunderstand, mon vieux. We
can know each other——to a certain
level. But to know
entirely——impossible. Poker is
interesting because? Because I do
not know your hand, yes. But also
because——I do not know you. I see
what you wager; what does it mean?
(a shrug)
I can guess——I cannot know. Or
there is no poker.
He leans back smiling, case closed.
LADY
Poker is a gambling game. You have
pursued a life of vice and
dissipation——and you are no doubt
expert in such pursuits. But no
conclusions drawn from such a life,
will apply to a life rightly lived.
Another shrug and smile from the airily superior Frenchman.
FRENCHMAN
Life is life. Cards will teach you
what you need to know. You speak of
your life, with your husband who
awaits. You fly to him in certainty
that he loves you as he did three
years ago. Well, three years. There
was a flame. You do not know that
there is.
LADY
(heated)
Among decent people relations may
be eternal. Decent people stay
true——to others, to themselves.
The Frenchman shakes his head, tsking.

100.
FRENCHMAN
Life is change. And all is
unknowable. Even my own life: I
wager knowing my hand now, not my
final hand.
TRAPPER
Unknowable! But yer talkin like you
know more’n the goddamn almanac!
The Frenchman smiles.
FRENCHMAN
I am French.
LADY
You are a presumptuous man! You
tell me my daughter doesn’t love
me, that my husband no longer
does——
FRENCHMAN
If he ever did! No offense, Madame,
my point is that we never know to
the deepest level, and the word
“love” can have different meanings.
TRAPPER
Hold on there, Mister Almanac——
LADY
I know what “love” means! One
thing! You——
FRENCHMAN
Your husband was an educator; a
lecturer; would you say a man of
charisma?
LADY
He was! He is!
FRENCHMAN
(shrug)
Bon, “love” would mean something
different to such a person, who
commands the love of a crowd, than
it would to a person who can only
coax love, through subservience.
LADY
I did not COAX love from Dr.
Betjeman! I am not a WHEEDLER.
(MORE)

101.
LADY (CONT'D)
My husband’s love was freely given!
And endures!
FRENCHMAN
His love is different from yours,
it’s all I say. The person widely
admired accepts love as a tribute.
It is his due. He confers his own
love as an honor, for, coming from
him, it must have great worth. But
you, Madame, would not receive that
gift, eh, splendidly, as one who
has no need, but would grasp at it
as a beggar.
The lady stares at him aghast.
The trapper, looking from her to the Frenchman, fills the
silence:
TRAPPER
Ain’t no call for that kind of
talk.
LADY
How DARE youFRENCHMAN
And of course the great man, the
admired man, might well accept
other loves, simply as his due,
from some of those who admire him.
Why not, if the admirer is comely.
It is love of a different kind than
the domestic of course, but in
France we s-AHH!
LADY
YOU! FILTHY!
She is batting at him with her furled umbrella. As he parries
blows:
FRENCHMAN
Please! Madame!
LADY
YOU! DEPRAVED——GAARGGH!
Her frenzy——face white, eyes unblinking, body rigid except
for the arm striking out with the umbrella——has turned into
something else: her eyes now roll back and she abruptly drops
the umbrella to hook a finger in her high collar as she gasps
for breath.

102.
TRAPPER
You given her a fit, Frenchie!
Oh dear!

THIGPEN

The lady twists in her seat, gasping. The trapper takes off
his hat and fans her with it. Clarence, the burly man, takes
her free hand in both of his, patting on it.
CLARENCE
There there, miss, that’s all
right, then...
FRENCHMAN
We——we must stop the coach! Let her
walk, move the limbs!
Thigpen shakes his head. The information is offhand:
THIGPEN
Coachman won’t stop.
FRENCHMAN
He must stop! We are the
passengers!
THIGPEN
Coachman won’t stop.
The Frenchman looks at him in brief puzzlement, then sticks
his head out the window.
EXT. COACH
Steep down on the Frenchman looking up, wind in his face.
FRENCHMAN
Coachman! I say, coachman!
His steep point-of-view up: the man driving, framed against a
dramatic sky of dark but delineated clouds. The coachman’s
face is not much visible from our steep angle. We see his
coat flowing in the wind; we see his leather gloves, flaired
to cover the wrists, as he raises a whip and snaps it forward
through sky; we see his pulled-low hat with broad brim; we
see a flash of full walrus mustache.
The Frenchman yells over the wind:
FRENCHMAN (CONT’D)
... We must stop! Coachman! A
passenger is discommoded!

103.
The coachman presents the same windswept picture, driving the
team forward, not hearing, or perhaps not listening.
The Frenchman pulls his head back inside.
INT. COACH
The Frenchman looks around, dazed.
FRENCHMAN
He will not stop.
THIGPEN
He never stops. Policy.
The lady is somewhat recovered, now limp rather than
writhing.
CLARENCE
That’s all right, miss...
The trapper continues to fan her with his hat as he addresses
Thigpen:
TRAPPER
Don’t stop? What if we had to
perform necessaries?
THIGPEN
Have you had to?
No——
Please...

TRAPPER
LADY

All look to her. Her head is lolled back but she is looking
at the trapper:
LADY (CONT’D)
... Stop doing that.
This arrests the fanning of his hat. The trapper holds it
frozen for a beat, abashed, then puts it back on.
Rattling silence.
Then, singing:
VOICE
As I was a walking down by the loch
As I was walking one morning of late
(MORE)

104.
VOICE (CONT'D)
Who did I spy but my own dear comrade
Wrapped up in flannel, so hard was his fate.
The lady slowly emerges from her distress to look in wonder
at the singer: Clarence. His rough look would not have led us
to expect this beautiful tenor voice.
The old Irish air he sings is the ancestor——and has the
familiar melody——of “The Streets of Laredo.”
VOICE (CONT’D)
I boldly stepped up to and kindly did ask him
Why was he wrapped in flannel so white?
My body is injured and sadly disordered
All by a young woman, my own heart’s delight.
The other passengers, like the lady, are taken out of
themselves. They slowly turn to the source of the song as
sunflowers toward the sun, struck, haunted.
VOICE (CONT’D)
Get six jolly fellows to carry my coffin
And six pretty maidens to bear up my pall
And give to each of them bunches of roses
That they may not smell me as they go along——
Hooting sobs.
All turn to look:
Thigpen is weeping into a handkerchief.
He waves their looks away:
THIGPEN
I’m sorry... I do apologize. He
sings it every trip, and it always
does this to me.
He loudly blows his nose, then stuffs the handkerchief into
his breast pocket.
THIGPEN (CONT’D)
... You’d think, with the business
we’re in, I wouldn’t be so——so...
TRAPPER
What is your business?
THIGPEN
I like to say that we’re...
reapers. Isn’t that right,
Clarence?

105.
CLARENCE
(affirmative musing)
... Harvesters of souls.
THIGPEN
We help people——who have been
adjudged to be, ripe.
TRAPPER
Whatsat mean?
A beat, Thigpen struggling.
THIGPEN
... Well... some would call us——Oh,
it’s an ugly wordTRAPPER
Yer bounty hunters!
THIGPEN
Literal man! Cruel man! Yes, fine,
“bounty hunters,” an ugly title, as
if emolument were the point. It’s
an honest calling——is the cobbler
not paid for his shoes? I don’t
apologize for it, and neither does
Clarence.
Clarence half-nods to confirm, half-shakes to decline to
apologize.
TRAPPER
So him on the roof, he was wanted?
THIGPEN
Mr. Thorpe was very much wanted,
judging by what they’re paying for
him.
TRAPPER
What’d he do?
THIGPEN
Oh I don’t know, does it matter?
Just as you said, Madame, there are
two kinds of persons. In our
business they are: dead, or alive.
CLARENCE
That’s what they say.

106.
THIGPEN
But for us it’s a distinction
without a difference.
CLARENCE
Paid either way.
FRENCHMAN
So you will take zem alive?
THIGPEN
I didn’t say that.
Rattling silence.
It is punctured by one of the trapper’s eruptions:
TRAPPER
I don’t either! take ‘em alive.
Course, not exactly the same
business. And I work alone.
THIGPEN
Oh yes, we’re a duo. A tandem. A
team. They’re so easily taken when
they’re distracted, people are. So
I’m the distractor, with a little
story, a little conversation, a
song, a sparkle!——and Clarence does
the thumping, while their attention
is on me.
Clarence is chuckling.
CLARENCE
He’s very good, that one. You
should see him.
THIGPEN
No, he’s good.
CLARENCE
(modest)
I can thump.
THIGPEN
Mr. Thorpe up there. A typical
case. I told him the story of the
Midnight Caller.
Three loud raps, widely spaced: Thigpen, banging a heel
against the seat. He looks around, eyes wide.

107.
THIGPEN (CONT’D)
Someone is outside! Knocking! Oh
who can it be! Don’t open it,
Mother——what living thing would be
out in such a storm!
(smiles it away)
You know the story, but people
can’t get enough of them, the
familiar stories, like little
children. Because they connect the
stories to themselves, I suppose,
and we all love hearing about
ourselves, over and over. So long
as the people in the story are——us,
but not us. Not us at the end,
especially——the Midnight Caller
gets him, never me... I’ll live
forever...
His reflective look has drifted to the window. Now his
attention returns to his audience, brightly:
THIGPEN (CONT’D)
... So I tell the stories. And
Clarence thumps.
CLARENCE
He’s very good.
Latening day: it has grown darker in the coach. Everyone
drifts away from Thigpen to think their thoughts——but they
are brought back to him when he suddenly speaks to himself,
having been working on something:
THIGPEN
I must say it’s always interesting
watching them after Clarence has
worked his art. Watching them
negotiate the... passage.
All eyes are on him.
FRENCHMAN
... Pah-sahge?
Thigpen looks at the Frenchman.
THIGPEN
To the other side, here to there.
Trying to make sense of it as they
pass to that other place. I do like
looking into their eyes as they try
to make sense of it, I do, I do.

108.
TRAPPER
... as they try to make sense of
what?
After a beat:
All of it.

THIGPEN

More silence.
The lady is hesitant to ask, perhaps fearing a negative
answer:
LADY
And... do they ever... succeed?
Thigpen looks at her gravely, considering. He looks at the
others, who are looking at him, then returns to the lady and
smiles.
THIGPEN
How would I know? I’m only
watching.
VOICE FROM OUTSIDE
Hyah, whoa!
INT. COACH/FORT MORGAN - DUSK
It is the coachman stopping the team, as we see from the
inertia of the bodies in the braking coach.
Thigpen looks out.
THIGPEN
Well——Fort Morgan. I presume we’re
all at the hotel? Including Mr.
Thorpe——too late to drop him with
the sheriff!
The window shows that we have stopped square to a hotel. It
is dusk outside, but a cloudy dusk that paints the exterior
all in shades of gray.
Dead quiet. No people outside, no movement. The only color in
view——and the only motion——is the flickering yellow flame in
the gas lights on either side of the hotel’s door.
The three passengers looking out show no particular eagerness
to disembark. Thigpen is all cheery business, however, and
climbs down, followed by Clarence.

109.
THIGPEN (CONT’D)
... I suppose Mr. Thorpe will be
staying in your room, Clarence.
Don’t fancy having him in mine!
CLARENCE
Whatever you say, guv.
The coach shifts with the weight of the coachman who is
working up top. We hear ropes being loosed.
THIGPEN
Or we could sit him in the parlor,
a little surprise for the guests in
the morning!
CLARENCE
Give him a newspaper, sir! And a
glass of port!
Through the window we see Thigpen and Clarence looking up,
waiting to receive the body off the roof. We hear friction
noises, and a canvas shrouded-figure is eased down towards
them feet-first, feet grabbed by Thigpen.
The attempted hand-off of upper body to Clarence is fumbled,
Clarence losing his grip and the body thudding to the ground
out of sight.
THIGPEN
Clumsy fool!
Sorry guv.

CLARENCE

THIGPEN
Don’t apologize to me! It’s Mr.
Thorpe, isn’t it!
They bend out of sight and then straighten with the body.
The coach rocks as the coachman descends.
Thigpen and Clarence, with the body, lumber into the depth,
toward the hotel. In the still air their footfalls raise
poofs of pale dust which do not dissipate.
The coachman overtakes them and takes the two steps up to the
boardwalk fronting the hotel. Thigpen and Clarence’s voices
are becoming faint and thin, but remain perfectly audible in
the dead air:

110.
THIGPEN (CONT’D)
All joking aside, your room, I
think, Clarence.
CLARENCE
If you say so, sir.
THIGPEN
No worries about him snoring!
CLARENCE
I’m not worried, sir.
THIGPEN
(affectionate)
You never worry. One of your
virtues.
CLARENCE
T’anks very much.
The passengers are watching. No one yet moves to get out.
A creak of the hotel door opening, the coachman holding it
for the two body-bearers. He follows them in and closes the
door behind. Nothing of the interior has been revealed.
We have stayed with the passengers and in their perspective.
Now, with nothing to look at, they look uneasily among
themselves.
The trapper, by the coach door on the hotel side, gestures
the Frenchman toward it.
TRAPPER
Go on ahead.
The Frenchman runs his tongue over his lips.
FRENCHMAN
Après vous.
The trapper casts about. To the lady:
TRAPPER
Ladies first.
She is no more inclined than he. She comes up with:
LADY
... I must be helped down.

111.
The trapper clears his throat, reaches for the door, pauses,
then finds his resolve and pushes it open and steps gingerly
down.
He turns back and extends a hand up to the lady. She cannot
but descend. And then there is nothing for the Frenchman to
do but follow.
The three head single file——lady leading, trapper second,
Frenchman third——toward the hotel. Outside, their faces——now
that they are no longer in the warm-wooded cabin of the
stagecoach——are somewhat pale.
The hotel’s front door creaks open, the coachman emerges. He
stomps toward them, and then past them, all coat and gloves
and boots——hardly any face visible, just a glint of eyes
between the low hatbrim and the great mustache.
The three passengers ascend to the boardwalk. The lady draws
up before the hotel’s front door but doesn’t reach for it.
An uneasy beat as we hear the coachman, off, clambering back
up onto the coach.
Finally:
LADY (CONT’D)
Will someone open the door for a
lady? My husband is waiting.
INT. FORT MORGAN HOTEL
The trapper opens it.
Visible past the three, the hotel interior. Its light lies in
warm, weak pools. Lamps in the parlor give a feel of the
heavy Victorian furniture within each’s feeble reach. Though
each light is low, they seem to have great depth: the
building goes way back.
There is a staircase to the right with a burgundy runner. It
too is far from bright. But we can see Thigpen and Clarence
awkwardly climbing, the canvas body between them.
THIGPEN
... and... step and... step and...
step and...
The trapper follows the lady in, and the Frenchman is about
to enter also——but his look is drawn by a whipcrack.
Hyah!

VOICE

112.
We hold on the Frenchman looking out at the street and thus
we do not see, but only hear, the stagecoach turning. The
Frenchman’s eyes track it as it clatters off, back the way it
came, with the jingle of tack and the cries of the coachman
and the pounding of hooves.
The sound fades.
The Frenchman, trying to maintain his lofty insouciance——and,
to some degree, succeeeding——turns, enters the hotel, and
closes the door behind.
FADE OUT

