FOR YOUR

CO N S I D E R AT I O N

BEST ADAPTED SCREENPLAY
Todd Louiso, Jacob Koskoff, Michael Lesslie
Based on the play Macbeth
by William Shakespeare

MACBETH

Adapted By
Jacob Koskoff & Todd Louiso
And
Michael Lesslie

Based on the play Macbeth
By
William Shakespeare

1.
EXT. FIELD NEAR INVERNESS - DUSK
A small boy lies motionless on a RAISED PLATFORM. His eyes
stare up at us, lifeless. He has flowers in his hair and
surrounding his shrouded body, his hands folded on his chest.
A MEAGRE CROWD stands in front of this PYRE. To the fore are
MACBETH and LADY MACBETH. Their faces ashen with grief.
Behind them we see BANQUO and his son FLEANCE.
Lady Macbeth walks forward with a sprig of RED BERRIES.
Places them reverently on her young son’s dead chest,
fighting back tears.
After her, Macbeth carefully lays oyster shells over the
boy’s eyes. Then he scoops up a handful of black Scottish
soil and pours it over his son’s chest. Over his folded
hands. Sending him to rest.
EXT. FIELD NEAR INVERNESS - LATER
The platform is ablaze, the smoke disappearing into the vast
landscape. Macbeth’s arm is around Lady Macbeth. Their faces
stricken. She lays her head on his shoulder, seeking solace.
He watches the embers and smoke of the pyre rise into the
darkening sky, transfixed by the sight. The camera follows
the smoke as it rises and becomes -EXT. MOUNTAINSIDE -- SAME TIME
MIST swirling around the mountains. FOUR DARK FORMS stand
watching the ceremony from afar. Women, all of different
ages. One is a CHILD, as young as the dead boy.
Their faces are scarified with unnatural marks -- the
decorations of a pagan belief. They hold primitive bone
CHARMS in their hands. They speak quietly. Calmly.
OLDER WITCH
When shall we three meet again,
In thunder lightning or in rain?
MIDDLE WITCH
When the hurley burley’s done,
When the battle’s lost and won.
YOUNGER WITCH
Where the place?
MIDDLE WITCH
Upon the battlefield, there to meet with Macbeth.

2.
OLDER WITCH
Fair is foul and foul is fair.
Hover through the fog and filthy air.
And at that, the mist ENGULFS them as we -BLACKOUT:
TITLES:
Civil war rages in Scotland
The traitor Macdonwald leads mercenaries against King Duncan
Few remain loyal to the crown

Macbeth, Thane of Glamis, leads a weary army
The king has sent him his last reserves
The war will be decided at the battle of Ellon
EXT. BATTLEFIELD - DAY
That same MIST floats across a plain embedded in the Scottish
mountains. Dark clouds are gathering in the sky above.
Out of the mist walks Macbeth. He looks years older now, his
face roughly bearded. A leader, a powerful and ferocious
warrior, his lean body cased in battered threadbare armour.
Behind him emerges his ROUGH ARMY.
They are soldiers hardened against nature by years of
fighting. Their WEAPONS hang heavily in their hands, their
scarce armour soaked in the showering rain. We recognise some
from the funeral, although time has clearly passed.
First among their ranks is Banquo, Macbeth’s sturdy second in
this war. His eyes, like the eyes of all of the men, are
fixed on something straight ahead across the plain.
Apprehensive.
A group of about THIRTY REINFORCEMENTS. They are little more
than boys, 14-16 years old. Virgins to war, they’re terrified
-- but also excited.
Macbeth and Banquo look at each other with concern: these
recruits are not what they were expecting. The difference
between the men and the boys is startling.

3.
EXT. BATTLEFIELD - LATER
Macbeth’s army checks and re-checks their weapons, the older
men doing it for the young boys, like fathers taking their
sons through a rite of passage. They smear the boys’ faces
with black soil to match their own -- war-paint.
Two BROTHERS from the virgin soldiers nervously laugh as they
daub each other’s faces.
A MONK crosses himself, his face also painted for the fight.
A YOUNG BOY SOLDIER (15) swallows down panic desperately.
More than the others he looks out of place in this battle,
unproven. His hands are shaking too hard to grip his own
sword and he drops it again and again, hopeless, as thick
tears stream down his face.
Nearby, like his men, Macbeth is readying himself.
Ritualistically his hands run over his weapons, preparing
each for its quickest draw:
A LONG-SWORD edged with dents; a BASELARD on his back; a
KNIFE coarsened with use; TWO DAGGERS sheathed on either side
of his waist. His body a machine of war.
He is wearing a tabard that marks him out as the leader of
this force. Sewn into it is the Scottish symbol of the
Rampant Lion and, smaller, the crest of his house, Glamis.
Tied onto the tabard are DOG TAGS from soldiers who have
fallen in past battles.
He looks down the line of his men, inspecting them. Their
fear palpably assuages at his presence: they owe him their
lives. Loyal.
Then, Macbeth notices the shaking Young Boy Soldier. He
starts down the line towards him. Each Soldier bows their
head as he passes out of respect. All the Soldiers and young
boys are wearing DOG TAGS marked with the same insignia.
He comes to a halt in front of the Young Boy Soldier and
takes him in. The boy stares up in awe, his tears stopped.
Calmly Macbeth rips a piece of fabric from his uniform and
picks up the fallen sword. Carefully he binds it to the Young
Boy Soldier’s hand, fast. Their eyes meet: it’s time.
At this, a dim noise becomes noticeable on the edge of
hearing. A RUMBLE. It is getting LOUDER.
One of the Young Soldiers tries to control his breaths, each
one catching in his throat.

4.
ANOTHER of his young comrades vomits in fear.
ANOTHER chews his lip ferociously until it bleeds.
The TWO BROTHERS stand wide-eyed with terror. They face each
other, cajoling each other on.
A BEARDED SOLDIER mutters a prayer over and over again,
senseless now, stumbling over the words and re-starting.
ANOTHER repeatedly squeezes the hilt of his crude sword.
ANOTHER swings his weapon through the air, rehearsing the
coming strokes.
ANOTHER pounds his chest with his fist.
ANOTHER checks over his armour obsessively, its inadequacy
horribly clear.
The MONK breathes out evenly, a cross to his lips, his face
steadied by the effort of control.
And, taking his place at their fore -MACBETH cuts his own hand. He picks up some of the Scottish
earth. Rubs it into the wound.
He then looks to Banquo and smiles. Takes his friend’s head
in his hands and kisses it hardily. Banquo nods to him.
Ready.
And, finally, Macbeth turns with the men to face:
A THICK, VAST BANK OF WHITE MIST
Across the plain. Impenetrable, its tendrils reaching out
ravenously around their legs. RED EMBERS glow faintly from
its depths like demonic eyes.
The rumble is now shaking the ground.
FROM BEHIND: we see their line silhouetted against this wall
of mist. Men and boys facing down Hell itself.
Then, slowly, Macbeth starts forward at a walk. We TRACK in
behind him in as the soldiers hold the line.
The rumble grows DEAFENING. The red embers glowing ever more
fiercely.
Macbeth raises the sword aloft and begins to jog forward now.
We TRACK with him as he breaks to a RUN, a sprint, wild as --

5.
SHADOWS start to appear from within the bank of mist.
Unnatural forms, terrifying.
The swirls around Macbeth thicken. The rumble quakes hard and
he suddenly looses a guttural WAR-CRY which echoes across the
field. Banquo and the other men JOINING HIM, the sound
fierce, like crashing waves -- all of the men one with
Macbeth, an army joined by the sound as --- MACDONWALD’S ARMY of mercenary Norwegians thunders out of
the mist towards them, a TERRIBLE POWER, at least their
equal. And suddenly the two forces SLAM into one another:
Macbeth charges in, his BROADSWORD raised, ducking low to
shoulder a Norwegian out of his path. Almost in the same
movement he leaps forward and slices at an oncoming Norwegian
who wields a weapon made of bone and an axe. But Macbeth
slashes across his chest and punches him into the ground.
Recovering quickly, Macbeth turns and brings down a Norwegian
Archer who is drawing back an arrow. Hits the bow out of his
hands and follows up with a fatal thrust to his chest.
Macbeth takes down two more Norwegians: a flurry of fatal
stabs and slashes.
ELSEWHERE:
One of the Brothers seen earlier is on the ground, his guts
already cut. The other brother stands over him in
bewilderment.
Banquo slices his blade across the throat of a Norwegian
Soldier and turns to aid Macbeth.
A Scottish Soldier (SEYTON) has his arm hacked off by a
Norwegian. ANOTHER takes a punch to the face as...
AT THE FRONT:
Macbeth kills a Norwegian and looks round -- to see the Young
Boy Soldier on the ground fifteen feet away, a Norwegian
raising his weapon over him for a killing strike.
Macbeth hurtles towards the fallen boy, breath pounding, and - SMASHES down the Norwegian just in time. He hauls the Young
Boy Soldier to his feet and turns away.
As he does so, however, he catches a glimpse of something
across the field -- and STOPS DEAD.
FOUR FORMS are watching from the edges of the battle. Utterly
motionless. As if watching him and him alone.

6.
The chaos around Macbeth seems to SLOW, stilling for a
moment. Macbeth stands entranced, something about these
WITCHES hypnotising him. As around him -A soldier is stuck in a loop, stabbing a Norwegian’s dead
body again and again.
The Monk dies on the ground, his cross fallen from his hand.
The YOUNG BOY SOLDIER is grabbed from behind. Silently, an
ENEMY SOLDIER draws a rough blade across the boy’s neck. The
boy yells out mutely. And, suddenly -A Norwegian SLAMS INTO Macbeth from the side, kicking the
action back into breakneck speed.
Macbeth spins, counters with his broadsword, then pulls his
half-sword from his back and kills the attacker. Glances
round again to where the Witches stood...
But the Witches have VANISHED. Replaced now in the reddened
haze by a SCOTTISH LORD directing the invaders against his
own kind.
He wears a tabard like Macbeth’s, but the crest of the lion
is almost obscured with Norwegian charms and he is flanked by
NORWEGIAN GUARDS.
The traitor MACDONWALD -- the enemy leader in this battle.
It’s as if the Witches were drawing Macbeth towards him.
Another Norwegian lunges at Macbeth with a spear. But Macbeth
slashes him down and leaps over his body to kick a Norwegian
off a fallen comrade.
He surges forward towards his target, picking up Banquo at
his side. Back on mission now: if he can get to Macdonwald,
the battle will be over and this carnage will stop. He leaps
forward and...
Swings into the path of a huge NORWEGIAN BERSERKER, who
strikes him back hard with a flaming torch. Reeling, Macbeth
recovers, plunges his sword into the man’s chest. But ANOTHER
cannons into his side, knocking him to the ground.
Macbeth kicks out wildly, bringing the Norwegian attacker
down. Rolls to his knees, whips two daggers from his belt.
And in one fluid movement the Norwegian is dead.
Springing back to his feet, Macbeth forces his blade into
another Norwegian’s back. Then looks back ahead across the
battlefield --

7.
He’s CLOSER to Macdonwald now. Only the traitor’s personal
GUARDS left between them. Macbeth races on, gaining ground.
Slices through one of Macdownwald’s Guards then buries his
knife in the chest of the next.
Carried forward by his own momentum, he stumbles. Hits the
ground, where his hand finds the axe of a Norwegian he just
killed. He swings it upwards, bringing down another enemy
just closing in. And as he moves, fluid, brutally balletic -LENNOX (PRE-LAP)
Doubtful it stood...
INT. KING DUNCAN’S TENT - DAY
LENNOX, a gnarled and battle-worn old soldier, kneels before
us. His face covered in blood and war-paint. Reporting the
battle as though narrating straight to the audience:
LENNOX
As two spent swimmers that do cling together
And choke their art. The merciless Macdonwald from the
Western Isles
Of kerns and gallowglasses is supplied
And fortune, on his damnèd quarrel smiling,
Showed like a rebel’s whore.
KING DUNCAN listens, rapt. His clothes clean, his crown
immaculate, his sword decorative at his waist. But quickly we
slam back into the -INT. BATTLEFIELD - DAY
Macbeth takes out another knife from his leg strap and
plunges it into the leg of an oncoming Norwegian Guard, now
on his knees. He grabs a rock from the ground and smashes the
leg of another, bringing him down as he launches up again and
on. Closing in on Macdonwald for the final confrontation.
LENNOX (V.O.)
But all’s too weak,
For brave Macbeth -- well he deserves that name —Disdaining fortune, with his brandished steel,
Which smoked with bloody execution,
Like valor’s minion carved out his passage
Till he faced the slave.
Macbeth charges through the final Guards -- dispatching one,
then another, and another, Banquo always at his side -- until
eventually he comes face to face with MACDONWALD himself.

8.
Macdonwald is terrified. Defenceless now. He raises his
sword, trembling as Macbeth advances on him.
Then, gently almost, Macbeth takes Macdonwald’s sword by the
blade. Lowers it. A strange intimacy to the moment.
Macdonwald’s face slackens at the inevitability of what’s
before him.
Macbeth turns, taking in the carnage behind. His fallen
brothers. The slaughtered Norwegians. Then he meets Banquo’s
eyes.
And, in one swift motion, he spins, swinging with his
broadsword -- to DECAPITATE Macdonwald in one seemless slice.
LENNOX (V.O.)
Which ne'er shook hands, nor bade farewell to him,
Till he unseamed him from the nave to th' chops,
And fixed his head upon our battlements.
Macdonwald’s body drops. A beat of silence, all of the
Soldiers on the battlefield watching. Then, as one -Macbeth’s men BELLOW for their leader in victory.
SOLDIERS
(roaring)
Hail Macbeth! Hail Macbeth!
INT. KING DUNCAN’S TENT - DAY
Lennox finishes his report as Duncan beams, triumphant.
LENNOX
And to conclude, victory fell on us.
DUNCAN
O valiant Macbeth! Worthy Gentleman!
Great happiness.
Duncan kisses Lennox’s head. At this, a YOUNGER MAN enters.
Hooded, his face innocent but yearning for the test of
battle.
This is MALCOLM, Duncan’s son. Duncan leaves Lennox, kisses
his son’s cheek.
DUNCAN (CONT’D)
Whence camest thou, noble Prince?

9.
MALCOLM
From Fife, great king;
Where the Norwegian banners flout the sky
And fan our people cold.
Assisted by that most disloyal traitor
The thane of Cawdor,
Malcolm steps aside to reveal:
THE THANE OF CAWDOR. A traitor, cowed, guarded by two cleancut soldiers ROSSE and ANGUS.
Duncan steps towards his captive. Cawdor lowers his eyes.
CAWDOR
God save the King.
DUNCAN
(to Angus)
No more that Thane of Cawdor shall deceive our bosom
interest: go pronounce his present death.
And with his former title greet Macbeth.
Duncan lifts the gilded and decorative tabard from Cawdor’s
neck and gives it to Angus. Angus bows:
ANGUS
I’ll see it done.
Duncan turns back to Cawdor. Disdainful.
DUNCAN
What he hath lost, noble Macbeth hath won.
EXT. FIELD NEAR KING’S CAMPSITE - MORNING
A cavernous valley. Cawdor’s lone figure stands some fifty
feet apart from Duncan and the rest of the royal retinue. His
arms by his sides. Strong, accepting.
Across the field, Duncan and Malcolm raise long-bows. And -THEY LET TWO ARROWS FLY. The shafts soar through the air
towards the traitor, who braces himself as...
CUT TO:
EXT. BATTLEFIELD - DAY (DUSK)
Twilight. Eerily quiet. The battlefield smoulders with the
carcasses and waste of the conflict.

10.
The Young Boy Soldier’s body lies dead in the mud. His face
drained of colour, but his eyes staring up as though still
alive.
Macbeth stands over him. Alone. A flicker of grief flits over
his battle-worn face. The boy an eerie echo of his own son.
Banquo and other Soldiers look on around him. Then...
EXT. BATTLEFIELD - LATER
Macbeth and Banquo haul the Young Boy Soldier’s body onto a
pile of their fallen comrades. Collecting the roughly marked
DOG TAGS and swords from the bodies of the dead. They turn to
collect up more corpses, readying their friends for burial.
A few other lone figures wander the landscape, also
collecting possessions from the slain soldiers or tending
wounds of those still alive.
Exhausted, Macbeth and Banquo heave another body down and
study the dead for a moment.
MACBETH
So foul and fair a day I have not seen.
Banquo nods silent assent. They turn back -- and see a wild
dog scavenging on bodies across the plain. Macbeth picks up a
rock and whips it at it. The dog scatters.
Then, he stops.
In the distance behind the dog is a YOUNG GIRL. Near her,
three MORE WOMEN kneel over a fallen soldier. Their dresses
adorned with strings of crude bells, which peal faintly as
they move.
THE WITCHES.
They hunker down over the soldier’s body, which has been
stripped naked. The OLDER WITCH makes an incision at the
wrist with rusty knife, then begins to let the blood into a
leather pouch.
Macbeth takes note of the women with a bewildered look.
MACBETH (CONT’D)
What are these?
Banquo grabs for his sword, but Macbeth halts him. They take
a few steps toward the women, who take no notice.

11.
MACBETH (CONT’D)
Live you? or are you aught
That man may question?
At that, the CHILD WITCH approaches. Drawing close, she
starts playing with his dog tags, as though unaware of his
bewilderment. The others then stand and follow after her.
Macbeth pushes out a few more words:
MACBETH (CONT’D)
Speak, if you can:
What are you?
The Middle Witch looks steadily at him.
MIDDLE WITCH
Macbeth. Hail to thee, Thane of Glamis.
OLDER WITCH
Macbeth. Hail to thee, Thane of Cawdor.
MIDDLE WITCH
All hail, Macbeth. That shalt be King hereafter.
Macbeth stares. Dismayed that these women have called him by
name. Banquo, unnerved, looks to him:
BANQUO
Good sir, why do you start and seem to fear
Things that do sound so fair?
Macbeth does not answer. Banquo turns to the women:
BANQUO (CONT’D)
My noble partner
You greet with present grace, and great prediction
Of noble having, and of royal hope,
That he seems rapt withal: to me you speak not.
If you can look into the seeds of time,
And say which grain will grow, and which will not,
Speak then to me, who neither beg, nor fear,
Your favours nor your hate.
The Witches look to each other, irritated. Then to Banquo
once more:
MIDDLE WITCH
Hail, lesser than Macbeth, and greater.
OLDER WITCH
Not so happy, yet much happier.

12.
MIDDLE WITCH
Thou shalt get kings, though thou be none.
Banquo stares at them, mesmerized. The Older Witch smiles
softly. She LAYS A HAND ON MACBETH’S FOREHEAD. At her touch,
Macbeth’s eyes lilt closed. And...
OLDER WITCH
So all hail Macbeth and Banquo.
CUT TO:
INT. DUNSINANE CASTLE/NAVE - DAY
A grand ceremonial hall. A CROWN is laid on Macbeth’s head
before a huge crowd. A Priest blesses his forehead and -BACK TO:
EXT. BATTLEFIELD - DUSK
The Older Witch removes her hand. Macbeth’s eyes fluttering
still, as if lulled to sleep.
OLDER WITCH
Banquo and Macbeth, all hail.
With this, the Older Witch turns away. The others follow and
they all begin to disappear into the mist.
Macbeth blinks, waking from his reverie. He starts after
them.
MACBETH
Stay, you imperfect speakers, tell me more.
But the Women ignore his plea and continue on, becoming lost
in the fog. Macbeth hurries in pursuit, following the sound
of their retreating bells.
MACBETH (CONT’D)
By Father’s death I know I am Thane of Glamis;
But how of Cawdor? the Thane of Cawdor lives,
A prosperous gentleman; and to be King
Stands not within the prospect of belief.
No more than to be Cawdor. Say from whence
You owe this strange intelligence, or why
Upon this blasted heath you stop our way
With such prophetic greeting.
His voice is smothered by the dead air: there is no response.
The bells have FADED.

13.
MACBETH (CONT’D)
Speak, I charge you.
But they are gone. All is silent. Banquo materialises out of
the mist beside him.
BANQUO
The earth hath bubbles, as the water has,
And these are of them -- whither are they vanish’d?
MACBETH
Into the air; and what seem’d corporal,
Melted as breath into the wind. Would they had stay’d!
They are silent, repeating in their heads what the Weird
Women have told them. Banquo looks to his friend.
BANQUO
Were such things here as we do speak about,
Or have we eaten on the insane root,
That takes the reason prisoner?
A smile rises to Macbeth’s lips. Considering the madness
these women spoke.
MACBETH
Your children shall be kings.
BANQUO
You shall be King.
Pause. For a moment Macbeth appears to believe it. Then he
grins again.
MACBETH
And Thane of Cawdor too; went it not so?
BANQUO
To th’selfsame tune, and words.
They share a chuckle. But their unease at the strange
forecast is palpable.
CUT TO:
EXT. BATTLEFIELD CAMPSITE - DAY
Small fires burn, miniscule against the looming mountains.
Seyton, whose arm was severed during the battle, is being
treated. Macbeth and Banquo are holding him down. He SCREAMS
as the wound is cauterised with hot coals.

14.
From across the cluttered campground, two cleanly dressed
young men approach on horseback: ROSSE and ANGUS, from the
King’s tent. They stand out, their armour showing no signs of
combat. They cannot hide their shock at the state of the
soldiers.
Banquo notices their arrival. Murmuring privately:
BANQUO
The King hath happily receiv’d, Macbeth,
The news of thy success.
Macbeth looks up and sees the two Thanes for the first time.
They don’t get down off their horses.
ROSSE
As thick as hail,
Came post with post; and every one did bear
Thy praises in his kingdom’s great defence,
And pour’d them down before him.
ANGUS
And we are sent
To give thee from our royal master thanks.
ROSSE
And, for an earnest of a greater honour,
He bade me, from him, call thee Thane of Cawdor.
Macbeth stops at the words. He looks to Banquo for a second.
Dropping his voice, so as not to alert the surrounding
soldiers to their conversation:
MACBETH (CONT’D)
The Thane of Cawdor lives: why do you dress me
In borrow’d robes?
ANGUS
Treasons capital, confess’d and prov’d,
Have overthrown him.
Macbeth cannot respond. Rosse takes out an ORNATE BOX and
opens it, presenting Macbeth with CAWDOR’S STAINED TABARD.
Macbeth looks between Rosse and Angus, who smile back at him
expectantly. Finally:
MACBETH
Thanks for your pains.
Macbeth casts a final glance to Banquo. Then...

15.
EXT. BATTLEFIELD CAMPSITE - NIGHT
The Soldiers sleep in dug-outs right beside the fresh graves - mounds marked by PILES OF STONES. In the dim light it’s
hard to discern the living from the dead.
Macbeth and Banquo huddle in the cold night air by a fire.
Talking quietly.
MACBETH
Do you not hope your children shall be kings,
When those that gave the Thane of Cawdor to me
Promis’d no less to them?
BANQUO
That trusted home
Might yet enkindle you unto the crown,
Besides the Thane of Cawdor.
Macbeth does not reply. Banquo smiles grimly.
BANQUO (CONT’D)
But ‘tis strange:
And oftentimes, to win us to our harm,
The instruments of Darkness tell us truths;
Win us with honest trifles, to betray’s
In deepest consequence.
Macbeth isn’t listening: his head is now consumed with the
Weird Women’s prophecy.
EXT. BATTLEFIELD CAMPSITE - DUSK
Late. Everyone is asleep. But Macbeth cannot rest. He walks
past the sleeping bodies of his men towards a large pit,
which is filled with the bodies of his fallen soldiers.
On top of them all is the Young Boy Soldier. His neck is torn
open, his eyes sightless.
Macbeth kneels down by the Boy’s side, fixed by the sight. He
removes the Young Boy Soldier’s Dog Tags and attaches them to
his belt, where it joins the dog tags of the other fallen
men. Then gently places rocks over the boy’s eyes. Just as he
did for his son.
MACBETH
This supernatural soliciting
Cannot be ill; cannot be good:-If ill, why hath it given me earnest of success,
Commencing in a truth? I am Thane of Cawdor.
If good, why do I yield to that suggestion
Whose horrid image doth unfix my hair,
(MORE)

16.
MACBETH (CONT'D)
And make my seated heart knock at my ribs,
Against the use of nature?
Present fears
Are less than horrible imaginings.
Macbeth looks around: everywhere, his exhausted men are
sleeping.
MACBETH (CONT’D)
If Chance will have me King, why,
Chance may crown me, Without my stir.
Macbeth takes out a bloody dagger and places it on the boy’s
chest, folding his hands over it in a ceremonial pose.
Then, he climbs out of the pit. Lights a torch from a nearby
fire and throws it into onto the bodies.
Flames begin to engulf the corpses in front of him.
CUT TO:
EXT. MOUNTAIN PASS - DAY (DAWN)
The sun cracks the horizon. Macbeth leads his exhausted men
on foot through an endless, wind-swept pass in the mountains.
The horses are laden with equipment heavy equipment. One is
WHINNYING helplessly, stuck in the clay-like mud. Soldiers
try to tug it free with ropes. Macbeth turns to help.
EXT. VALLEY - DAY
Macbeth’s men trek down into a cavernous valley. They are antlike in the spectral Scottish landscape.
EXT. FIELD - MORNING
Duncan, Malcolm and the rest of their royal retinue wait,
fresh from their night’s sleep.
Macbeth is marching his hungry, exhausted soldiers past them.
The difference between the two groups not lost on anyone
present.
Macbeth breaks from his men’s ranks and approaches the King
with a cloth-wrapped parcel. His eyes track over Duncan’s
weapons, noting their pristine splendour.
Suddenly Malcolm steps forward, barely able contain his
admiration of this hardy general:

17.
MALCOLM
Hail Macbeth.
But Macbeth scarcely acknowledges him. Duncan smiles tightly,
registering Malcolm’s love of the war hero. The optics of the
moment are striking: the dirty, injured soldier and the wellslept King in fresh clothes.
DUNCAN
O worthiest cousin.
More is thy due than more than all can pay.
MACBETH
The service and the loyalty I owe,
In doing it, pays itself.
Macbeth holds Duncan’s gaze for a moment before lowering his
eyes. Duncan nods.
DUNCAN
From hence to Inverness,
And bind us further to you.
Macbeth is taken aback by the command.
MACBETH
I’ll be myself the harbinger, and make joyful
The hearing of my wife with your approach;
So, humbly take my leave.
DUNCAN
My worthy Cawdor.
Duncan takes Macbeth’s face in his hand. Affectionate, but
proprietorial. Macbeth glances uncomfortably towards MACDUFF,
a fellow general in the king’s retinue. Two warriors who have
not seen each other for some time. No love lost between them.
At that Duncan removes his hand. And Macbeth turns to leave -tossing the cloth-wrapped parcel to the pristine Rosse. Rosse
looks up queasily:
MACDONWALD’S HEAD, cloaked in his tabard.
Macbeth pushes away with Banquo through the throng of Lords
and Soldiers, eager to reach his horse again.
CUT TO:
EXT. INVERNESS - DAY
WIDE MOUNTAINS. Deep within them, we find a RUN-DOWN VILLAGE
at the foot of a valley: INVERNESS.

18.
Populated by the families of men who have fought in the war,
the village feels depleted, forsaken. Rows of sturdy
dwellings cluster, a CHAPEL built largely from wood, a
CENTRAL PAVILION dominating. But the heart is missing. A
generation of this place lost to war.
On the village outskirts, crosses mark the graves of the
deceased. WOMEN till a field by hand, pushing a heavy plough
through the black earth. Their husbands lost to war, this is
their work now.
Throughout the village we see RED ROWAN BERRIES attached to
doors and woven into the villagers’ hair. Rudimentary windchimes hang from every structure.
INT. INVERNESS/CHAPEL - DAY
Light shines in through a cruciform hole in the wall of this
bare, makeshift church. On the floor, before a sparse altar,
sits LADY MACBETH.
The years since we last saw her have been hard. But she is
strong. Self-preserving. This is clearly a sanctuary for her.
In front of her lies the presentation box containing Cawdor’s
tabard. She lifts it from the box, revealing a LETTER from
Macbeth underneath. As she runs her fingers across the fabric
she begins to read...
LADY MACBETH
‘They met me in the day of success; and I
have learn’d by the perfect’st report they
have more in them than mortal knowledge.
When I burned in desire to question them
further, they made themselves air, into which they
vanish’d. Whiles I stood rapt in the wonder of it,
came missives from the King, who all-hail’d me,
“Thane of Cawdor”; by which title, before,
these Weird Sisters saluted me, and referr’d
me to the coming on of time, with, ‘Hail, King that
shalt be!’
She looks up to a large cross above the altar. Determination
burning in her eyes. She speaks quietly, entreating:
LADY MACBETH (CONT’D)
Come, you Spirits,
That tend on mortal thoughts, unsex me here,
And fill me, from the crown to the toe, top-full
Of direst cruelty. Come to my woman’s breasts,
And take my milk for gall, you murth’ring ministers,
Wherever in your sightless substances
You wait on Nature’s mischief. Come, thick Night,
(MORE)

19.
LADY MACBETH (CONT’D)
And pall thee in the dunnest smoke of Hell,
That my keen knife see not the wound it makes,
Nor Heaven peep through the blanket of the dark,
To cry, ‘Hold, hold!’
She looks from the cross to a tableau engraved into the
walls. Fearsome devils clutching human babies, stealing them
away.
LADY MACBETH (CONT’D)
(to herself, to Macbeth)
Hie thee hither,
That I may pour my spirits in thine ear,
And chastise with the valour of my tongue
All that impedes thee from the golden round.
EXT. INVERNESS/FIELDS - DAY
Macbeth leads his surviving soldiers through the fields,
approaching Inverness at long last.
The women tending the fields become alert when they see him:
none have yet received news of their husbands or sons. Their
children SQUEAL with excitement and quickly chase after him
back to the village.
EXT. INVERNESS/VILLAGE SQUARE - CONTINUOUS
Macbeth and Banquo draw to a halt, their remaining army and
laden horses behind them. As they dismount, Banquo’s young
son FLEANCE runs towards them.
Banquo smiles. He reaches down and grabs Fleance up,
clutching his son in an embrace.
Nearby, Macbeth just takes his weapons from his horse. Alone.
The Women of the village watch him in nervous anticipation.
Macbeth opens the bag with his dead soldiers’ swords and dog
tags. Then sees one WOMAN in particular and stops. She is 40,
angular, pockmarked, and extremely fearful.
Macbeth searches in the bag until he finds the sword he’s
looking for: it’s the Young Boy Soldier’s sword, the fabric
still wrapped round it.
He slides off the fabric to keep for himself, then removes
the sword and brings it to the woman. She closes her eyes and
sags forward in abject despair.

20.
INT. INVERNESS/MACBETH’S DWELLING - CONTINUOUS
Lady Macbeth waits in the middle of the meagre bedchamber,
watching the door. Sleepless with nerves. In her hands is a
ceremonial drinks set, prepared for her returning husband.
FOOTSTEPS sound from the walkway outside and she tenses.
Then...
The bedroom door pushes open. Macbeth, still in his armour.
Their eyes meet for a moment, neither sure how to close the
ground between them. Months of absence to recover in a
second.
Macbeth turns away, starts to pull off his rough armour.
Exhausted. Bruised. She tentatively steps closer to help him:
LADY MACBETH
(nervous)
Thy letters have transported me beyond
This ignorant present, and I feel now
The future in the instant.
Macbeth turns, meets her eyes, uneasy at her insinuation.
Neither of them move. The words hanging between them.
MACBETH
My dearest love,
Duncan comes here to-night.
LADY MACBETH
And when goes hence?
MACBETH
To-morrow, as he purposes.
Quietly, Lady Macbeth shakes her head:
LADY MACBETH
O never
Shall sun that morrow see.
Macbeth stares. Struck silent by the thought spoken out loud.
Lady Macbeth tentatively puts a hand on his shoulder -- but
he flinches away with the pain.
Undeterred, she eases off his remaining armour, trying to
find intimacy. He starts to sag with exhaustion, edging
towards rest for the first time in months. But instinctively
he resists it.

21.
LADY MACBETH (CONT’D)
Glamis thou art, and Cawdor, and shalt be
What thou art promis’d...
Macbeth gently shakes her away, uncomfortable. He peels off a
bandage. Lady Macbeth stares at the wound beneath. Deep. Then
takes away his weaponry and hangs it on the wall, disarming
him.
He stands alone for a second, watching her. Until she turns,
takes his head in her hands and, gingerly, kisses him on the
lips.
Macbeth closes his eyes. A small, unconscious smile creeps
over his face. An old closeness. Home.
She takes his hand, trying to keep the tenderness, and draws
him to sit on the bed. Softly she dips a cloth into a bowl of
spiced water by the side and strokes at his wound.
He inhales sharply in pain. She continues to tend to him.
LADY MACBETH (CONT’D)
Yet I do fear thy nature:
It is too full o’th’milk of human kindness,
To catch the nearest way. Thou wouldst be great;
Art not without ambition, but without
The illness should attend it: what thou wouldst highly,
That wouldst thou holily; wouldst not play false,
And yet wouldst wrongly win.
She gently rolls him onto his side, revealing another wound
on his back.
LADY MACBETH (CONT’D)
To beguile the time,
Look like the time; bear welcome in your eye,
Your hand, your tongue: look like th’innocent flower,
But be the serpent under’t.
He looks round at her.
LADY MACBETH (CONT’D)
He that’s coming
Must be provided for. You shall put
This night’s great business into my dispatch.
Leave all the rest to me.
Which shall to all our nights and days to come
Give solely sovereign sway and masterdom.
MACBETH
We will speak further.

22.
Lady Macbeth kisses him again, warmly, more firmly now. The
strange intimacy crackles. Then she breaks away and lays him
down, stroking his head and easing him to sleep.
As she does, however, she notices something:
His hand is TREMBLING inadvertently. Like the Young Boy
Soldier’s before the battle. He doesn’t seem aware of it.
Softly she takes it and presses it with her hand, caressing
it until the trembling ceases.
CUT TO:
EXT. INVERNESS/VILLAGE SQUARE - DAY (DUSK)
CLOSE ON: DUNCAN’S SMILING FACE.
Duncan and his entourage of Malcolm, Angus, Rosse, MENTEITH
and OTHERS stare around at the rustic hardship of Inverness.
Their horses fill the whole village square.
Before them, LADY MACBETH and the rest of the villagers are
BOWING, all in their finest adornments. Each of the women’s
hair has been ceremonially plaited.
Lady Macbeth rises and approaches the King. She removes the
hood of her cloak, smiling gracefully:
LADY MACBETH
All our service,
In every point twice done, and then done double.
Duncan cups her face in his hand.
DUNCAN
Give me your hand,
Conduct me to mine host. We love him highly
And shall continue our graces towards him.
By your leave, hostess.
He kisses her hand, then processes away led by his servants.
EXT. INVERNESS/MACBETH’S DWELLING - DAY
Macbeth sits half-naked on his bed. Sleepless. Lost in his
troubled thoughts. His hand is STILL TREMBLING slightly,
though he does not notice it.
Outside, sounds of PREPARATION filter in. A FEAST being
readied for the King.

23.
EXT. INVERNESS/CHAPEL - DAY
Lady Macbeth prays at the altar. She finishes, then starts to
soak a cloth in a dark liquid -- preparing a MIXTURE of some
kind.
She grinds herbs into it with a pestle and mortar as the
sound of CHILDREN SINGING bleeds in and...
INT. INVERNESS/PAVILION - NIGHT
A SMALL CHOIR OF BOYS AND GIRLS sings FÀILTE DHUNNCHAIDH
before King Duncan, a tribute to their royal guest. Lady
Macbeth stands amongst them, leading the song. Maternal in
her pride.
This main tent has been transformed into a feasting hall,
open at the sides. Benches and tables line the space, Duncan
and his retinue seated at the head. The whole room is
decorated with berries and flowers, every effort made to turn
the bare tent into a space fit for the King.
The whole village has crowded in. Macbeth. Banquo. Fleance.
All watching in exhausted solemnity.
As the children finish their song, Duncan applauds
indulgently, smiling beneficence. The others follow his lead.
INT. INVERNESS/PAVILION - LATER
Later. The party is sliding into debauchery, the King’s
soldiers smeared with fat from roasted meat, SINGING and
YELLING. Children have fallen asleep under tables or in their
parents’ arms.
Through it all, Malcolm just stares at Macbeth. Entranced. He
cannot take his eyes from him.
Abruptly, however, Duncan notices this and hauls himself up,
CALLING OUT loudly:
Up, up!

DUNCAN

They all obey, hushing instantly. Duncan looks out at all the
faces. Teary now. Drunk.
DUNCAN (CONT’D)
My plenteous joys,
Wanton in fulness, seek to hide themselves
In drops of sorrow.

24.
He puts his hands on his son’s shoulders.
DUNCAN (CONT’D)
Sons, kinsmen, Thanes -His gaze lights on MACBETH in particular:
DUNCAN (CONT’D)
And you whose places are the nearest -- know,
We will establish our estate upon
Our eldest, Malcolm; whom we name hereafter
The Prince of Cumberland.
Duncan sets a chair on a table and pushes Malcolm up towards
it. Awkwardly, Malcolm climbs up -- glancing at Macbeth as he
does.
Then, Duncan dips his fingers into a cup of wine and flicks
it on Malcolm’s face, anointing him.
From the crowd, Macbeth watches. A single shadow of anger
passing over his face.
No-one notices -- except perhaps for Banquo.
MACBETH (PRE-LAP)
The prince of Cumberland. That is a step
On which I must fall down, or else o'erleap.
For in my way it lies.
EXT. INVERNESS/VILLAGE SQUARE - NIGHT
Macbeth stands across the square in the dark, looking in at
the bright interior of the tent from outside the chapel.
Inside the feasting tent, Duncan is laying ornamental
wreathes on the heads of some of the children who sung to
him. They stare up with awestruck admiration. He is their
god. Unassailable.
Macbeth’s eyes draw to his wife, who is kneeling amongst the
children. She smiles, full of happiness in their innocent
company.
MACBETH
If it were done, when ’tis done, then ’twere well
It were done quickly. If th’assassination
Could trammel up the consequence, and catch
With his surcease success... That but this blow
Might be the be-all and the end-all here -But here, upon this bank and shoal of time,
We’d jump the life to come.

25.
He turns away, his mind torn with indecision:
MACBETH (CONT’D)
But in these cases,
We still have judgement here; that we but teach
Bloody instructions, which, being taught, return
To plague th’inventor: this even-handed Justice
Commends th’ingredience of our poison’d chalice
To our own lips.
Macbeth hits his head softly into the chapel wall. Going over
the argument again and again.
MACBETH (CONT’D)
He’s here in double trust:
First, as I am his kinsman and his subject,
Strong both against the deed; then as his host,
Who should against his
Murderer shut the door,
Not bear the knife myself.
Besides, this Duncan
Hath borne his faculties so meek, hath been
So clear in his great office, that his virtues
Would plead like angels, trumpet-tongu’d, against
The deep damnation of his taking-off.
He draws in a breath, his mind settled at this.
MACBETH (CONT’D)
I have no spur
To prick the sides of my intent, but only
Vaulting ambition, which o’erleaps itself
And falls on th’other.
He turns away. And as he does...
INT. INVERNESS/PAVILION - NIGHT
Malcolm’s eyes rove by Duncan’s side in the feast. Searching.
Macbeth’s chair is EMPTY.
Lady Macbeth enters with more food. She lays it down in front
of DUNCAN’S TWO GUARDS, filling their glasses with more wine.
As they clumsily toast her, drunk, she glances across to
Macbeth’s place -- and falters for a second, the absence
awkward. Quickly she hurries away.
Malcolm watches her. But Duncan fails to notice.

26.
EXT. INVERNESS/VILLAGE SQUARE - NIGHT
Lady Macbeth scans the village in the darkness. It seems
deserted, everyone in the pavilion. Then, she sees it: a
flame burning dimly in the chapel.
INT. INVERNESS/CHAPEL - NIGHT.
Shadows flicker from a lone torch. Macbeth hunches forward in
a rough wooden pew.
VOICE (O.S.)
Why have you left the chamber?
He turns. Lady Macbeth is staring at him from the doorway.
MACBETH
Hath he ask’d for me?
LADY MACBETH
Know you not, he has?
She moves to the altar. Determined. From underneath it, she
draws the pestle, mortar and herbs we saw earlier from their
hiding place and pours the mixture into a SMALL VIAL.
Macbeth rises to his feet. He steps up behind her and takes
her in his arms. Quietly:
MACBETH
We will proceed no further in this business.
She stops. Macbeth presses on:
MACBETH (CONT’D)
He hath honour’d me of late; and I have bought
Golden opinions from all sorts of people,
Which would be worn now in their newest gloss,
Not cast aside so soon.
LADY MACBETH
Was the hope drunk,
Wherein you dress’d yourself? Hath it slept since?
And wakes it now, to look so green and pale
At what it did so freely?
She turns to face him:
LADY MACBETH (CONT’D)
From this time
Such I account thy love. Art thou afeard
To be the same in thine own act and valour,
As thou art in desire? Would’st thou have that
(MORE)

27.
LADY MACBETH (CONT’D)
Which thou esteem’st the ornament of life,
And live a coward in thy own esteem,
Letting ‘I dare not’ wait upon ‘I would’?
MACBETH
Pr’ythee, peace.
I dare do all that may become a man;
Who dares do more, is none.
LADY MACBETH
What beast was’t then,
That made you break this enterprise to me?
When you durst do it, then you were a man;
And, to be more than what you were, you would
Be so much more the man. Nor time, nor place,
Did then adhere, and yet you would make both:
They have made themselves, and that their fitness now
Does unmake you.
She takes his face in her hands, beseeching.
LADY MACBETH(CONT’D)
(quietly)
I have given suck, and know
How tender ‘tis to love the babe that milks me.
I would, while it was smiling in my face,
Have pluck’d my nipple from his boneless gums,
And dash’d the brains out, had I so sworn
As you have done to this.
MACBETH
If we should fail?
LADY MACBETH
We fail.
But screw your courage to the sticking-place,
And we’ll not fail.
She kisses him, almost nervous. Macbeth kisses her back, more
forcefully.
Reaching down, she then slowly starts to work him out of his
clothes. Taken by her actions, he pushes her back against the
altar and kisses her harder.
Their passion grows in intensity. They begin to make love.
Intimate. Desperate, but caring.
LADY MACBETH (CONT’D)
(breathless, almost
inaudible)
When Duncan is asleep, his two chamberlains
Will I with wine and wassail so convince
That memory, the warder of the brain,
(MORE)

28.
LADY MACBETH (CONT’D)
Shall be a fume, and the receipt of reason
A limbeck only: when in swinish sleep
Their drenchèd natures lie as in a death,
What cannot you and I perform upon
The unguarded Duncan? What not put upon
His spongy officers, who shall bear the guilt
Of our great quell?
Macbeth gasps and hangs his head, finally spent. They stay
there a moment, still. Until, softly, she eases him out of
her. Kisses his lips. And he looks up into her eyes.
MACBETH (CONT’D)
I am settled, and bend up
Each corporal agent to this terrible feat.
Away, and mock the time with fairest show.
False face must hide what the false heart doth know.
EXT. INVERNESS/VILLAGE SQUARE - NIGHT
The NOISE from the banquet continues in the distance.
Outside the tent, Fleance is wrestling with another young boy
in the mud. The fight playful but deadly serious to the two
children. Fleance’s nose is bleeding and the Village Boy’s
lip split.
Around them is a small CROWD of other local youths, all
cheering. Banquo is watching from their midst.
Fleance DUCKS a blow and grapples the Village Boy into a
stranglehold. The crowd JEERS as Fleance heaves him to the
ground, goaded on.
Eventually the Village Boy holds up his hand in submission.
Banquo grins with pride and steps in to help his son up. The
crowd filters away into the night, the entertainment done.
BANQUO
Hold, take my sword.
Banquo hands his heavy iron sword to his son. Fleance takes
it in amazement, feeling its weight. Banquo smiles. Then
wraps his tabard over Fleance’s shoulder. Something seeming
to trouble him, now.
BANQUO (CONT’D)
Take thee that too.
A heavy summons lies like lead upon me,
And yet I would not sleep. Merciful Powers!
Restrain in me the cursed thoughts that nature
Gives way to in repose.

29.
At that -- Banquo hears someone approaching from behind. He
turns:
BANQUO (CONT’D)
Who’s there?
VOICE (O.S.)
(from the darkness)
A friend.
They tense. Then -- Macbeth materialises, a strained smile on
his face. Banquo exhales, relieved.
BANQUO
What, Sir, not yet at rest? The King
Hath been in unusual pleasure, and
Sent forth great largess to your offices.
MACBETH
Being unprepar’d,
Our will became the servant to defect,
Which else should free have wrought.
BANQUO
All’s well.
Banquo takes Macbeth by the side of his neck and pats him
reassuringly. Fleance just stares up at Macbeth in awe.
BANQUO (CONT’D)
I dreamt last night of the Weird Sisters:
To you they have show’d some truth.
MACBETH
I think not of them.
Macbeth shrugs curtly and takes out his sword for Fleance to
spar with. Thrilled, Fleance raises Banquo’s sword and begins
to try blows, but even absent-mindedly Macbeth is too quick
for him.
MACBETH (CONT’D)
Yet when we can entreat an hour to serve,
We would spend it in some words upon that business,
If you would grant the time.
BANQUO
At your kind’st leisure.
Macbeth smiles at him. Seizing the opportunity, Fleance
lunges forward in frustration and JABS MACBETH IN THE GUT
with his father’s sword.

30.
Macbeth blinks at the boy in surprise. Fleance stares back at
him, shocked at what he’s just done. Then...
Banquo laughs. And Macbeth softens, laughing along too. With
a wave of his arm he gestures for them to return inside.
Banquo shoots a glare at Fleance, who continues only to watch
Macbeth. But as Macbeth walks inside...
MACBETH
If you shall cleave to my consent, when ‘tis
It shall make honour for you.
Banquo stops. Unsure how to interpret this.
BANQUO
(carefully)
So I lose none
In seeking to augment it, but still keep
My bosom franchis’d, and allegiance clear,
I shall be counsell’d.
Macbeth turns back. Chuckles uncomfortably, his eyes passing
from Banquo to Fleance.
MACBETH
Good repose, the while!
BANQUO
Thanks, Sir. the like to you.
Macbeth steps aside, gesturing Banquo and Fleance to continue
inside ahead of him. He watches them go, alone in the
courtyard, barely visible in the dark.
INT. INVERNESS/PAVILION - NIGHT
Late. The pavilion is littered with the remains of the feast,
as well as some guests who have failed to find a comfortable
place to rest. Cats pick at scraps of food on the tables.
EXT. INVERNESS/VILLAGE SQUARE - NIGHT
Duncan stumbles along a walkway, accompanied by his Two
Guards. They take up positions either side of the curtains,
themselves also drunk. Their eyes lilting to sleep.
EXT. INVERNESS/CORRAL- NIGHT
Horses jostle uneasily in the overcrowded corral. A sharp
wind is gathering into a STORM.

31.
The air is filled with the sound of the village’s windchimes, animated by the growing gale.
INT. INVERNESS/CHAPEL - CONTINUOUS
Lady Macbeth prays in the chapel. Alone, lit by candles.
INT. INVERNESS/MACBETH’S DWELLING - NIGHT
Macbeth, meanwhile, is hunched down over a fire, his hands
moving soundlessly over his body as though checking his
weapons in his unconscious battle ritual.
He is wracked with indecision. Memories of war playing on his
mind like the dark shadows dancing on the walls. Memories of
his fallen friends. Of the Witches.
He drops his hands to his knees, redundant for a second. Then
instantly starts his ritual again -- but...
It’s no use. He gives up. Makes to rub his face, exhausted,
when suddenly...
He frowns, noticing something.
His hand is TREMBLING.
Unnerved by this trick of his body, Macbeth closes his eyes,
trying to banish the tension. He breathes out, then wearily
opens his eyes and...
Stops dead.
The YOUNG BOY SOLDIER from the battlefield is standing in the
doorway of the dwelling before him, watching him calmly. He
is pale as the grave, his cut throat now scarred over, as
though time has passed. But he seems corporeal. Real.
And, in his hands, is a DAGGER.
He is holding it out to Macbeth by the blade.
Macbeth stares. Disbelief edging into his voice.
MACBETH
Is this a dagger, which I see before me,
The handle toward my hand?
The Young Boy Soldier says nothing.
MACBETH (CONT’D)
Come, let me clutch thee -

32.
Macbeth walks towards him. Reaches out but -- the Boy steps
backwards out of the door away from him. He looks from the
dagger to the Boy’s face.
MACBETH (CONT’D)
I have thee not, and yet I see thee still.
Art thou not, fatal vision, sensible
To feeling, as to sight? Or art thou but
A dagger of the mind, a false creation,
Proceeding from the heat-oppressed brain?
The Young Boy Soldier still does not speak. Just turns and
walks outside. Macbeth follows after him, mesmerised.
EXT. INVERNESS/VILLAGE SQUARE - NIGHT
Macbeth treads out of his dwelling onto the long walkway.
The Young Boy Soldier is walking soundlessly ahead of him
towards Duncan’s tent. Low fires light their way.
The sound of the wind-chimes rises in intensity.
MACBETH
Thou marshall’st me the way that I was going;
And such an instrument I was to use.
WIDE: we see Macbeth stepping forward intractably, ALONE.
There is no Young Boy Soldier.
MACBETH’S POV: The Boy’s dagger is dripping blood. As if
beckoning him on.
MACBETH (CONT’D)
Mine eyes are made the fools o’th’other senses,
Or else worth all the rest: I see thee still,
And on thy blade and dudgeon gouts of blood,
Which was not so before.
Slowly, rain starts to fall. Macbeth closes his eyes, trying
to calm himself.
MACBETH (CONT’D)
There’s no such thing.
It is the bloody business which informs
Thus to mine eyes.
He opens his eyes again. And sees the Young Boy Soldier is
STILL WAITING FOR HIM by Duncan’s tent door. Expectant.
MACBETH (CONT’D)
Now o’er the one half-world
Nature seems dead, and wicked dreams abuse
(MORE)

33.
MACBETH (CONT’D)
The curtain’d sleep. Witchcraft celebrates
And wither’d Murder moves like a ghost.
Macbeth pulls himself up to his full height and steps through
the entrance into Duncan’s tent.
INT. DUNCAN’S TENT - CONTINUOUS
The Young Boy Soldier leads Macbeth towards the unconscious
two Guards in the entryway. He peers down at them on the
floor, studying their faces. A bell gently TOLLS.
Then, Macbeth kneels and takes the daggers from the
slumbering men. He looks to the Boy one last time.
MACBETH
I see thee yet, in form as palpable
As this which now I draw. Whiles I threat, he lives:
Words to the heat of deeds too cold breath gives.
We follow Macbeth through the curtain into Duncan’s inner
bedchamber.
Slowly, he steps up close to the sleeping king. Standing over
him, staring down. The man helpless in his slumber.
As if sensing him there, however, Duncan’s eyes softly
FLUTTER OPEN. Taking in Macbeth above him. The daggers.
A wave of recognition passes through his eyes -- the King
like a boy, vulnerable and fragile.
Gently, Macbeth places his hand over Duncan’s mouth. He
raises the knife’s point to Duncan’s chest. Duncan looks to
Macbeth for mercy one last time.
Macbeth pauses for a second. Then -- THRUSTS HARD, burying
the knife into Duncan’s heart. Duncan lurches forward in pain
but Macbeth holds him down.
He raises the blade again and begins to stab Duncan with
increasing force. Building into a frenzy, unable to stop
himself.
Duncan’s body bucks with pain. But Macbeth still stabs. And
stabs. And stabs. Until finally, Duncan’s body falls limp and
Macbeth gasps out, sagging with the exertion.
Macbeth breathes hard. Lost. Slick with blood. Gently, he
lays himself down by his dead king’s side. Craving rest.

34.
INT. INVERNESS/CHAPEL - NIGHT
The large iron chapel bell swings in the wind, tolling in the
dark.
EXT. INVERNESS/CORRAL - NIGHT
The horses grow wild at the gathering storm. One, more
skittish than the rest, WHINNIES in fear as the others start
to buck and rear. Their smooth backs shoving against each
other, trying to clear space. The posts of the corral coming
loose.
INT./EXT. INVERNESS/VILLAGE SQUARE - NIGHT
A TORRENT of rain drenches the square. Duncan’s entourage
sleeping or passed out under the cover of the pavilion.
A thin stream of water descends the walkways of the village.
Chimes sounding out in the wind.
INT. INVERNESS/CHAPEL - NIGHT
CLOSE ON: Lady Macbeth’s face, eyes shut fast in prayer,
determined. She holds a STRING OF CHARMS in her hand, her
fingers worrying its beads. The rain HAMMERS outside. The
chapel bells RINGING out above her in the gale.
Fresh clothes are laid out at her feet.
EXT. INVERNESS/VILLAGE SQUARE - SOON AFTER
Through the cold night, Malcolm treads out of his dwelling
towards Duncan’s tent. Unable to sleep, something troubling
him in what he saw earlier.
INT. INVERNESS/DUNCAN’S TENT - CONTINUOUS
Malcolm enters. He steps over the drugged Guards. Carefully,
slowly, he opens the curtain to his father’s bedchamber.
INT. INVERNESS/DUNCAN’S TENT - CONTINUOUS
The light of a small fire illuminates the King’s tent. But
when he enters, Malcolm’s face turns to a look of horror.
Duncan’s body, unrecognizable, torn with gashes, lies in its
own blood on the bed.

35.
The sheet is wrapped tightly around its head, red blotches at
its eye sockets, its white hands cinched at its sides.
VOICE (O.S.)
The spring, the head, the fountain of your blood
Is stopp’d; the very source of it is stopp’d.
Malcolm looks round in shock, to see:
MACBETH, sitting by the side of the bed. Still streaked in
blood, holding the daggers in his hands.
Malcolm doesn’t know what to do.
MACBETH
Here lies Duncan,
His silver skin lac’d with his golden blood;
Macbeth motions down to the bloody daggers in his hands.
MACBETH (CONT’D)
There, the Murderers.
Steep’d in the colours of their trade,
Macbeth looks up back at Malcolm. The young man is paralysed.
Terrified. Macbeth rises and walks towards him.
MACBETH (CONT’D)
Had I but died an hour before this chance,
I had liv’d a blessed time. For, from this instant,
There’s nothing serious in mortality;
All is but toys. Renown, and grace, is dead;
The wine of life is drawn, and the mere lees
Is left this vault to brag of.
Macbeth holds out the bloodied weapons, gesturing for Malcolm
to take them. Malcolm now close enough to kill him with one
quick thrust. But...
Malcolm does nothing. Unable to assault this hero before him.
Macbeth’s stare burrows into him:
MACBETH (CONT’D)
Live you? or are you aught
That man may question?
Malcolm is now even more frightened. Tears streaking his
face. He starts to back away as...
CLOSE ON: Macbeth closes his eyes. A RUMBLE is building on
the edge of hearing, the same sound as we heard on the
battlefield. It grows in intensity, blocking out all other
noise.

36.
Macbeth covers his face with his hands, still holding the
daggers, smearing his eyes with Duncan’s blood. Then suddenly
the noise STOPS as...
VOICE (V.O.)
(whispered)
Sleep no more.
Macbeth’s eyes open again. Malcolm is gone. He looks back to
the King’s body in confusion.
INT. INVERNESS/CHAPEL - NIGHT
Lady Macbeth waits, alone in the pews. Suddenly FOOTSTEPS
outside make her start:
LADY MACBETH
Hark! I laid their daggers ready;
He could not miss’em. Had he not resembled
My father as he slept, I had done’t.
The FOOTSTEPS draw near to the chapel, RUNNING. She treads
quietly to the door, peering through it.
Outside, a figure is saddling a horse in the corral. Malcolm.
EXT. INVERNESS/CORRAL - NIGHT
Quickly, Malcolm mounts his mare, kicks it, and rides it free
of the corral. As he goes, his horse pulls the corral post
free -- and suddenly all the other horses BOLT OUT into the
darkness.
Lady Macbeth steps out of the chapel behind. She stares after
him, panic in her eyes. When suddenly -A BLOODIED HAND covers her mouth from behind.
Macbeth, soaked and covered in blood. He is shaking
uncontrollably and clutching the two stained daggers in his
free hand. She pulls herself free:
LADY MACBETH (CONT’D)
(gasping)
My husband!
MACBETH
I have done the deed.
Didst thou not hear a noise?
LADY MACBETH
Did you not speak?

37.

When?
Now.

MACBETH
LADY MACBETH
MACBETH
As I descended?
Ay.

LADY MACBETH
Macbeth cannot answer. He studies the stains on his shirt,
the blood dripping on the stone floor.
MACBETH
This is a sorry sight.
Quickly Lady Macbeth seizes his arm and leads him inside.
INT INVERNESS/CHAPEL - CONTINUOUS
Lady Macbeth pulls Macbeth into the chapel:
LADY MACBETH
A foolish thought to say a sorry sight.
MACBETH
Methought, I heard a voice cry, ‘Sleep no more!
Macbeth does Murder Sleep!’
Lady Macbeth stops a second at his dark words. She looks into
his eyes. They are ablaze. Forsaken.
LADY MACBETH
Who was it that thus cried? Why, worthy Thane,
You do unbend your noble strength, to think
So brainsickly of things. Go, get some water,
And wash this filthy witness from your hand.-She pulls his other hand up and for the first time notices
the bloody daggers.
LADY MACBETH (CONT’D)
(shocked)
Why did you bring these daggers from the place?
They must lie there: go, carry them, and smear
The sleepy grooms with blood.
Lady Macbeth tries to rouse him from his stupor but he shakes
her off.

38.
LADY MACBETH (CONT’D)
Infirm of purpose!
Give me the daggers. The sleeping and the dead,
Are but as pictures; ‘tis the eye of childhood
That fears a painted devil. If he do bleed,
I’ll gild the faces of the grooms withal,
For it must seem their guilt.
She pulls the daggers from his grip.
EXT. INVERNESS/VILLAGE SQUARE - CONTINUOUS
Lady Macbeth walks at a pace along the dark walkway. We
follow from behind, her body silhouetted in the faint
moonlight as she comes to the sleeping Guards.
Tentatively, she smears their shirts and faces with the
daggers’ blood, careful not to wake them.
Before turning away, however, she glances inside -- and sees
Duncan’s bloodied shape through the opening of his tent
curtain. She stops a moment. Horror in her eyes.
INT. INVERNESS/CHAPEL - NIGHT
Macbeth stands frozen by the font, staring at his red hands.
Rain is pouring down hard from cracks in the ceiling.
MACBETH
What hands are here? Ha! They pluck out mine eyes.
He pushes his fingers into his own eyes sockets. His face
smearing with blood.
MACBETH (CONT’D)
Will all great Neptune’s ocean wash this blood
Clean from my hand?
Macbeth holds out his hands into the rain water falling from
the ceiling. It drops RED beneath them, tainted by the blood.
MACBETH (CONT’D)
No, this my hand will rather
The multitudinous seas incarnadine,
Making the green one red.
Lady Macbeth re-enters, her hands now covered with blood as
well.
LADY MACBETH
My hands are of your colour; but I shame
To wear a heart so white.

39.
She crosses to him and thrusts her hands into the fall of
rain water.
LADY MACBETH (CONT’D)
A little water clears us of this deed:
How easy is it then!
She wipes them clean, then unties Macbeth’s ravaged shirt and
strips it off, stuffing his bloodied clothes into the hiding
space in the altar. She covers it again. But as she does,
quietly:
MACBETH
To know my deed, ‘twere best not know myself.
She pauses. Takes his face in her hands tenderly. Pleading
with him to keep his composure. Wind blows outside, making
the WOODEN CHIMES KNOCK around them. Until, finally, we...
CUT TO:
EXT. INVERNESS/LAKE - DAWN
Dawn. The sun crests the horizon.
A faint drizzle remains from the night’s storm but the sky
has mostly cleared, its colour softening.
CLOSE ON: Macbeth pulls himself from the water of a lake, his
flesh steaming. He catches his breath. Biting down tension.
The landscape is quiet. The horses from the stable are strewn
across the hill, watching him. Spectral in the early sun.
EXT. INVERNESS/VILLAGE SQUARE - DAWN
Macbeth leads the horses back into the village square. A few
guests from the night before still lie comatose under shelter
at the edges of the courtyard. Suddenly:
VOICE (O.S.)
Good morrow, noble Sir!
Macbeth turns -- to see MACDUFF. His hair and beard are
saturated from the storm he has just ridden through -- but
still he looks fresh compared to those who attended the
banquet. Next to him is LENNOX, quick-eyed, soft-spoken.
MACBETH
Good morrow, both.

40.
Lennox smiles a greeting. But Macduff studies Macbeth. Their
dislike of one another tangible.
ACROSS THE SQUARE: Lady Macbeth begins to step out from
another doorway, but seeing Macduff she stops and retreats.
MACDUFF
Is the King stirring, worthy Thane?
Macbeth, for a moment, appears lost. Macduff repeats:
MACDUFF (CONT’D)
Is the king -Not yet.

MACBETH

MACDUFF
He did command me to call timely on him:
I have almost slipp’d the hour.
Macbeth nods. The role he now must play dawning on him.
MACBETH
I’ll bring you to him.
The men follow Macbeth, their boots plodding through the mud.
EXT. INVERNESS/VILLAGE SQUARE - DAWN
Macbeth leads Macduff and Lennox toward Duncan’s tent. They
walk in silence.
MACDUFF
I’ll make so bold to call.
Macduff enters Duncan’s tent, disappearing from sight. Lennox
turns. Making conversation:
LENNOX
Goes the King hence to-day?
MACBETH
He does:
he did appoint so.
Macbeth isn’t really listening -- his attention caught by a
group of children playing outside. Fleance stands at a
distance too, alone, watching from the side.

41.
The children are re-enacting the events of the night before.
One of the boys has fashioned himself a crown out of twigs
and wrapped a blanket around his shoulders, blessing his
playmates just like Duncan did Malcolm.
Lennox continues:
LENNOX
The night has been unruly: where we lay
Our chimneys were blown down; and, as they say,
Lamentings heard i’th’air; strange screams of death,
Some say, the earth was feverous, and did shake.
Macbeth looks up at him for the first time. A glimmer of
suspicion on his brow.
MACBETH
’Twas a rough night.
INT. INVERNESS/DUNCAN’S TENT - CONTINUOUS
Macduff pulls away the bloodied sheet, shock seizing his
face. In front of him lies the butchered king, like a
desecrated god.
Shaking, he folds Duncan's hands together on his chest and
kisses them in reverence. His world in upheaval. Then he
kneels down and prays to his fallen king.
EXT. INVERNESS/VILLAGE SQUARE - CONTINUOUS
Macbeth stares hard at Lennox, uneasy. About to speak, when --- Macduff walks out from Duncan’s tent. His hands bloody.
Lennox’s face falls in horror.
MACBETH
What’s the matter?
MACDUFF
Confusion now hath made his masterpiece!
Most sacrilegious murder hath broke open
The Lord’s anointed temple, and stole thence
The life o' th' building!
MACBETH
What is’t you say? “The life”?
LENNOX
Mean you his majesty?

42.
MACDUFF
Do not bid me speak:
See, and then speak yourselves.
Lennox rushes inside the tent. Macbeth following close after
as Macduff bellows:
MACDUFF (CONT’D)
Awake! Awake!
He runs towards Malcolm’s tent.
MACDUFF (CONT’D)
Ring the alarum-bell.
Murder, and treason!
Banquo and Malcolm!
Awake! Shake off this downy sleep,
Death’s counterfeit, and look on death itself.
Malcolm! Banquo!
Banquo emerges blearily from his tent nearby. He starts to
hurry towards Macduff. Fleance joining him.
Lady Macbeth steps out of her own dwelling behind him, her
hair and bedclothes in pointed disarray.
INT. INVERNESS/DUNCAN’S TENT - CONTINUOUS
CLOSE ON: Lennox’s face, as he takes in the horrific sight.
Duncan’s body, just as Macduff left it.
Over Lennox’s shoulder, Macbeth stands in the doorway, deadly
still. Macduff breaks in past him, followed by Banquo,
Fleance and Lady Macbeth:
LADY MACBETH
What’s the business?
Speak. Speak!
MACDUFF
Our royal master’s murdered.
LADY MACBETH
O, by whom?
LENNOX
Those of his chamber,
Their hands were all badged with blood...
Lennox points back towards the Guards, speechless.

43.
Instantly, Macbeth heads out to the tent’s entrance. He grabs
up the first Guard, pulls out his dagger and SLICES HIS NECK
with one deadly swipe.
The Guard drops. Macbeth then grabs the second sleeping Guard
and SLAYS HIM TOO.
Behind Macbeth, Macduff and Banquo stare. Fleance is rooted
by their side, stunned.
Macbeth looks up from his victims to see their eyes all
turned towards him.
But it is Banquo whose gaze Macbeth meets.
Macduff steps forward. The distrust clear in his voice:
MACDUFF
Wherefore did you so?
Macbeth defiantly moves towards Macduff.
MACBETH
Who could refrain,
That had a heart to love, and in that heart,
Courage, to make love known?
Macduff doesn’t answer. The air thick between them. Suddenly - Lady Macbeth retches.
LADY MACBETH
Help me hence, ho!
MACDUFF
Look to the lady.
Lennox quickly helps Lady Macbeth, as Fleance runs out
towards the church.
INT. INVERNESS/CHAPEL - DAY (DAWN)
Stricken with panic, Fleance desperately pulls on the chapel
bell, ringing out that the King is dead. Daylight glares down
through the belltower ceiling on his face.
EXT. INVERNESS - DAY (DAWN)
The bell’s echoes resound faintly across the mountains. The
morning light bleeding coldly over the village in the
distance.
CUT TO:

44.
INT. INVERNESS/CHAPEL - NEXT DAY
Reverential hands gently clean Duncan’s body. A cloth
removing the traces of blood. Pristine WHITE SHEETS are then
wrapped around it, as a needle and thread stitch together the
jagged gashes on his face.
The corpse, swaddled in a white shroud, is now laid on the
altar. A MONK stands at the head, two Guards at its feet.
EXT. INVERNESS - DAY
A CROWD has gathered outside the chapel. The population of
Inverness has swelled with outsiders, gathered to pay their
respects to the dead King.
Among the crowd are the LEAD THANES, including Macduff and
his young, beautiful wife LADY MACDUFF. He holds one of their
CHILDREN (5). The other one (8) clings to Lady Macduff’s
skirt. Banquo stands a little way off.
Everyone is DRESSED IN DARK COLOURS. Many are hooded. Some
carry posies of local flowers. All shell-shocked. Uncertain.
The Thanes murmur amongst themselves as they wait. Lennox,
Angus and Rosse close together.
LENNOX
How it did grieve Macbeth. Did he not straight, In pious
rage, the two delinquents tear,
That were the slaves of drink, and thralls of sleep?
Was that not nobly done?
ANGUS
Ay, and wisely too;
For ‘twould have anger’d any heart alive
To hear the men deny’t.
LENNOX
I say, he has borne all things well.
He looks over the other Lords, sizing up their response.
Angus meets his glance and nods: they share a loyalty.
ROSSE
Is’t known, who did this more than bloody deed?
Macduff overhears this last question. He hands his child to
his wife with the easy gesture of a parent, then moves across
to talk to Rosse. She shoots him a warning look as he goes.
MACDUFF
Those that Macbeth hath slain.

45.
ROSSE
Alas, the day!
What good could they pretend?
MACDUFF
(curtly)
They were suborn’d.
Malcolm, the King’s son,
is stol’n away and fled; which puts upon him
Suspicion of the deed.
Rosse shakes his head in disbelief.
ROSSE
Then ’tis most like
The sovereignty will fall upon Macbeth.
They all look into the chapel, as...
MACDUFF
He is already named.
INT. INVERNESS/CHAPEL - DAY
Macbeth and Lady Macbeth process towards the altar, eyes
forward, a strange parody of a wedding. They pay their
respects over the body of the fallen king.
Hovering above the corpse, Macbeth’s gaze turns to meet
Banquo’s just outside the tent. But Banquo looks away. His
face edged with distrust.
Sensing this, Lady Macbeth glances round at the rest of the
crowd. Her stare flickers over Lady Macduff. Taking in her
assembled family.
Macbeth looks back to Duncan’s body. He lays the CEREMONIAL
ROYAL SWORD on the dead King’s chest and kneels before him,
Lady Macbeth at his side.
EXT. INVERNESS/CHAPEL - DAY - CONTINOUS
Seeing Macbeth kneel, the crowd follows suit. Almost as if it
is to Macbeth himself they are kneeling.
Macduff, back at his wife’s side, also lowers himself to his
knees. Lady Macduff looks solemn. They know their chance has
passed.
CUT TO:

46.
EXT. SCOTTISH LANDSCAPE - DAY - TIME LAPSE
Mist moves and dances with speed across the Scottish
landscape. Time passing, as -INT. INVERNESS/CHAPEL

- TIME LAPSE

On the altar where Duncan’s body once lay, we see the fresh
flowers wither and decay before our eyes.
EXT. INVERNESS - DAY
The village is being abandoned. Tents are disassembled and
emptied, the villagers’ possessions strapped onto horses for
the journey to their new home.
INT. COUNTRYSIDE - DAY
The trail of villagers snakes through the harsh countryside.
A population on the move. Macbeth rides at the head of his
army with Lady Macbeth at his side.
He looks back to Banquo, who keeps his distance at the rear
of the line, the berth between them marking the tension.
EXT. DUNSINANE CASTLE/BEACH - DAY
CLOSE ON: DUNSINANE.
Duncan’s former castle seems five times the size of the whole
of Inverness: its high thick walls span the width of the sky
and lookouts rise from each of the four corners.
One side is surrounded by the dense BIRNAM WOODS, on the
other lies the North Sea.
WIDE: Macbeth approaches on horseback along the beach, with
Lady Macbeth mounted regally by his side. His entire army
arrayed behind them. And, behind the army, the villagers of
Inverness.
Macbeth and Lady Macbeth share a private, inadvertent smile:
this is their new home. Macbeth dismounts and gives his reins
to a soldier -- Seyton, who lost an arm on the battlefield.
Loyal.
Macbeth offers his elbow to Lady Macbeth, bowing slightly as
he does so. She smiles happily and dismounts.

47.
In the rank some way behind them, Banquo and Fleance watch
the new King and Queen elect making their way towards the
castle from their lone horse.
Banquo takes in the rest of the army. As if struck for the
first time by the implications of Macbeth’s advancement.
BANQUO
Thou hast it now. King, Cawdor, Glamis, all
As the Weird Women promis’d; and, I fear,
Thou play’dst most foully for’t.
Yet it was said,
It should not stand in thy posterity;
He breathes in. Then looks back at Fleance.
BANQUO (CONT’D)
But that myself should be the root and father
Of many kings. If there come truth from them,
Why, by the verities on thee made good,
May they not be my oracles as well?
And set me up in hope?
Fleance is puzzled at his words. Banquo smiles, dismissing
the thought.
BANQUO (CONT’D)
But hush, no more.
INT. DUNSINANE CASTLE - DAY
Running through the large, cavernous halls of Dunsinane are
the CHILDREN of Inverness. They laugh, hurtling into every
room, amazed at the opulence.
Around them, the women and Soldiers of the village are
setting up beds in the large chambers. As over it, we hear...
VOICES (PRE-LAP)
Hail Macbeth! Hail Macbeth! Hail Macbeth!
INT. DUNSINANE CASTLE/NAVE - DAY
Macbeth and Lady Macbeth kneel at the head of a vast stone
nave, now dressed in royal raiments. There’s an awkwardness
to them in their formal clothes and heavy crowns, a stiffness
that was never there before.
Before them, a huge CROWD CHANTS MACBETH’S NAME. All of the
Nobles are collected in their finery. To one side, Macbeth’s
SOLDIERS stand to attention. Further back, the Villagers from
Inverness, their ranks swelled with those from Dunsinane too.

48.
A BISHOP cups his hand over Lady Macbeth’s forehead. With his
other hand he pours HOLY WATER over her CROWN.
He moves to Macbeth to repeat the gesture -- his fingertips
touching Macbeth’s head, just as the Older Witch did on the
battlefield.
CLOSE ON: Macbeth’s face as the water seeps through the
Bishop’s fingers, running down over his brow. He closes his
eyes against it and...
CUT TO:
INT. INVERNESS/DUNCAN’S TENT - FLASHBACK
Macbeth stands over Duncan, plunging the daggers again and
again into the King’s chest. Duncan’s eyes wide with agony.
BACK TO:
INT. DUNSINANE CASTLE/NAVE - EVENING
Macbeth opens his eyes, the blessing complete. He is now
King. He and Lady Macbeth stand to accept the devotions of
their subjects.
One by one, the Nobles begin to process forward to pay
homage. Macduff and his family are the first amongst them.
Lady Macduff steps up to Lady Macbeth, curtseys and takes her
hand -- but hesitates before kissing it. Lady Macbeth holds
it out to her, waiting. Lady Macduff then looks her dead in
the eye and kisses it at the wrist, defiant in her obedience.
To her side, Banquo bows at Macbeth’s feet now. Macbeth
smiles down at his old friend -- but Banquo cannot hold his
look. Uneasily he turns his face down and, unable to kiss the
new king’s hand, instead touches it with his forehead.
As he stands again, almost imperceptibly, Macbeth’s hand
starts to TREMBLE. Lady Macbeth notices. Shoots him glance.
The other Thanes process forward, pledging their allegiance
in turn.
CUT TO:
INT. DUNSINANE CASTLE/BEDCHAMBER - DUSK
Later. Macbeth sits on the floor, cloaked in his royal robes.
The crown untouched by his side.

49.
He is arranging his weaponry around him on the floor,
cleaning all of his knives and swords as if readying for
battle. Banquo’s defiance playing on his mind.
MACBETH
(quietly)
To be thus is nothing,
But to be safely thus... Our fears in Banquo
Stick deep, and in his royalty of nature
Reigns that which would be feared. ‘Tis much he dares,
And to that dauntless temper of his mind
He hath a wisdom that doth guide his valour.
Lady Macbeth enters. A beat, as she takes in her husband on
the floor. The weapons. Then approaches and kneels down by
his side.
LADY MACBETH
How now, my lord, why do you keep alone,
Of sorriest fancies your companions making,
Using those thoughts which should indeed have died
With them they think on?
He does not answer. Instead, he picks up a knife and starts
to pick at some dried blood on its blade, deep in thought.
MACBETH
We have scorch’d the snake, not kill’d it.
She’ll close and be herself, whilst our poor malice
Remains in danger of her former tooth.
LADY MACBETH
Things without all remedy
Should be without regard. What’s done is done.
Come on, gentle my lord, Sleek o’er your rugged looks,
Be bright and jovial among your guests tonight.
Lady Macbeth playfully picks up the crown and places it on
his head. She smiles approvingly. But then -MACBETH
Thou know’st that Banquo, and his Fleance, lives?
A glimmer of unease flits through her eyes.
LADY MACBETH
You must leave this.
MACBETH
He chid the Sisters
When first they put the name of King upon me,
And bade them speak to him. Then, prophet-like,
They hail’d him father to a line of kings:
Upon my head they plac’d a fruitless crown,
(MORE)

50.
MACBETH (CONT'D)
And put a barren sceptre in my grip,
Thence to be wrench’d with an unlineal hand,
No son of mine succeeding. If’t be so,
For Banquo’s issue have I fil’d my mind;
For them the gracious Duncan have I murder’d;
Put rancours in the vessel of my peace,
Only for them;
To make them kings, the seed of Banquo kings!
LADY MACBETH
What’s to be done?
Macbeth stares at her, on the cusp of speaking. Then -MACBETH
Be innocent of the knowledge, dearest chuck,
Till thou applaud the deed.
He smiles a little. A flicker of fear, almost, in his look...
MACBETH (CONT’D)
O -- full of scorpions is my mind!
He laughs. Lady Macbeth frowns at his strange words. But -Macbeth just moves towards her, reaching his hand under her
skirt, as if seeking solace. Seeking distraction. She tries
to resist.
MACBETH (CONT’D)
Thou marvell’st at my words, but hold thee still.
Things bad begun make themselves strong by ill.
He pushes his hand into her. She gasps.
MACBETH (CONT’D)
Come, seeling Night,
Scarf up the tender eye of pitiful Day,
And, with thy bloody and invisible hand,
Cancel, and tear to pieces, that great bond
Which keeps me pale!
Forcefully she pushes his hand away. He stares at her in
surprise. Then, she takes his head in her hands and kisses
him hard. Willing him to come back to her.
Macbeth closes his eyes for a second at her touch. Until
finally, he opens them again and looks back at her. And a
single tear rolls down his cheek.
EXT. DUNSINANE CASTLE/BEACH - DAY
The beach. Banquo and Fleance hurriedly prepare horses to
ride away from the castle. Urgent.

51.
Fleance looks back, and sees that he’s dropped some of their
belongings in the sand behind them. He quickly rushes back to
collect them up. Banquo hurries over to help him.
As they’re gathering their final possessions, however, Banquo
looks up -- and notices Macbeth and a PAIR OF SOLDIERS riding
towards them. One of the Soldiers is Seyton.
They arrive just as Banquo is reattaching the last of their
belongings to the horses. Macbeth dismounts. The air tense.
MACBETH
To-night we hold a solemn supper, Sir,
And I’ll request your presence.
BANQUO
Let your Highness
Command upon me, to the which my duties
Are with a most indissoluble tie
For ever knit.
Macbeth glances at the laden horses.
MACBETH
Ride you this afternoon?
BANQUO
Ay, my good Lord.
MACBETH
We should have else desir’d your good advice
In this day’s council; but we’ll take to-morrow.
Is’t far you ride?
The answer is obvious from the stuffed bags. But Banquo tries
to lie, matching Macbeth’s offhandedness with his own:
BANQUO
As far, my Lord, as will fill up the time
’Twixt this and supper: go not my horse the better,
I must become a borrower of the night,
For a dark hour or twain.
Macbeth smiles. The horses, picking up on the atmosphere,
begin to shift skittishly. Banquo’s eyes darting to those of
the two men watching. But Macbeth just stares at him.
MACBETH
Fail not our feast.
BANQUO
My Lord, I will not.
Macbeth nods. Then looks away, as if dismissive:

52.
MACBETH
We hear our bloody cousin is bestow’d
In England; not confessing
His cruel parricide, filling his hearers
With strange invention.
Banquo has no reponse -- just forces a speechless smile.
Fleance looks from one man to the other, trying to understand
the strange current of tension. Until finally...
MACBETH (CONT’D)
But of that to-morrow,
When, therewithal, we shall have cause of State
Craving us jointly. Hie you to horse: adieu,
Till you return at night.
He turns away. Then...
MACBETH (CONT’D)
Goes Fleance with you?
This final question strikes ice down Banquo’s spine. But he
tries to mask it.
BANQUO
Ay, my good Lord: our time does call upon’s.
MACBETH
I wish your horses swift, and sure of foot;
And so I do commend you to their backs.
Farewell.
Macbeth waves him off. Banquo quickly nods to Fleance, and
they mount their horses and ride off at speed.
Macbeth watches them go for a moment in silence, as if
weighing something up. Then, he turns to Seyton and the other
Soldier. Speaking quietly, almost conversationally:
MACBETH (CONT’D)
Within this hour at most,
I will advise you where to plant yourselves,
Acquaint you with the perfect spy o’th’time,
The moment on’t; for’t must be done to-night,
And something from the palace; always thought,
That I require a clearness.
Macbeth stares after Banquo and Fleance. Then:
MACBETH (CONT’D)
And with him,
To leave no rubs nor botches in the work,
Fleance his son, that keeps him company,
(MORE)

53.
MACBETH (CONT’D)
Whose absence is no less material to me
Than is his father’s, must embrace the fate
Of that dark hour.
Seyton glances Macbeth in surprise, the reality of what he’s
asking them to do hitting home. But his fellow Soldier
answers loyally:
SOLDIER
We are resolv’d, my Lord.
EXT. DENSE WOODS - DUSK
Trees loom in these dense woods. Seyton and the Soldier, now
MASKED, watch Banquo and Fleance from a distance. They glance
at one another and ride on ahead to cut them off, their dark
mission underway.
EXT. DENSE WOODS - EVENING
The fog is thick. Trees and branches are silhouetted against
the blackening sky.
Muted horse hooves CLOP in through the fog. Then the outlines
of two travellers emerge -- Banquo and Fleance -- riding
slowly on the damp earth.
They come to a halt in a small clearing. Fleance dismounts
from his horse and relieves himself against a tree. Banquo
gets down with him, wary, and looks to the heavens.
BANQUO
It will be rain to-night.
Fleance peers into the dark forest ahead. And frowns. For a
SHADOWY FIGURE seems to be standing before him amongst the
boughs.
CLOSE ON: a drawn arrow poised in the Figure’s crossbow.
Suddenly out of the trees, the arrow WHIPS PAST FLEANCE -and pierces Banquo’s back. A second arrow immediately SLAMS
INTO his shoulder.
Banquo falls. Fleance rushes towards his father in sudden
panic -- but sees the MASKED SOLDIER coming towards them from
the other side. Banquo cries out:
BANQUO (CONT’D)
Fly, Fleance!

54.
Banquo lunges round with his sword to meet his attacker,
wounded and disabled. The Soldier strikes the sword from his
hand, but Banquo ducks his charge and pulls the Soldier down
to the ground.
Wrestling hard, the Soldier brings out his dagger and plunges
it into Banquo’s side. Banquo grapples the Soldier tight
despite the pain, yelling for Fleance to escape:

Fly!

BANQUO (CONT’D)
(shouting)

But Fleance is frozen with horror. His father’s death
unfolding before his eyes. The Soldier DRIVES THE BLADE into
Banquo’s side again and again and Banquo loses strength,
finally releasing his foe. The Soldier stands, pulling Banquo
up by his hair.
Banquo’s eyes meet his son’s for the last time. A King he
will never see crowned. And, as the Attacker draws the blade
across his throat...
SEYTON
Let it come down.
Seyton LOOSES AN ARROW at the boy, startling him from his
paralysis. And, as his father’s body falls forward into the
dirt, Fleance finally turns and sprints away.
79

EXT. FOREST - CONTINUOUS

79

Fleance sprints into a thicker part of the woods. Bursting
through the dark trees, ducking under sharp branches, his
breath pounding.
From behind he hears the FOOTSTEPS of the Attackers coming
toward him. Another arrow FLIES PAST. Fleance tumbles to the
ground, but picks himself up quickly and keeps moving through
the forest, trees and branches blurring as he passes. Until
finally he comes to an opening in the brush and...
Stops dead.
In a small clearing covered in leaves, as if she’s been
waiting, is the CHILD WITCH. Staring at him calmly.
Gasping for breath, Fleance stares back at her. Then...
80

EXT. FOREST - MOMENTS LATER
Seyton bursts into the clearing and stops to listen.

80

55.
But it is EMPTY. Fleance and the Child Witch have
disappeared. Seyton stares around. But there’s no sign of the
boy at all.
VOICES (PRE-LAP)
Hail Macbeth! Hail Macbeth!
CUT TO:
INT. DUNSINANE CASTLE/BANQUET HALL - LATER
The chant ECHOES throughout this cavernous banquet hall. All
of the NOBLES are waiting before the banquet tables along
with Macbeth’s own Soldiers, who seem out of the place in
this rarefied ceremonial dinner.
There’s an elegance and sophistication to the proceedings
that is entirely foreign to those guests who have come from
Inverness. But Duncan’s former court, including Rosse, Angus,
Lennox and Menteith, are clearly used to it.
Macbeth stands at the head table. Lady Macbeth by his side.
Everyone waiting on his command.
Macduff and Lady Macduff are both watching the royal couple
closely.
MACBETH
(calling out)
You know your own degrees, sit down: at first
And last, the hearty welcome.
The room makes to sit down. But then -- Macbeth stops. His
attention taken instead by the doors opening, and SEYTON and
THE OTHER SOLDIER entering the room to take their places.
Lady Macbeth and the Nobles all pause as he does, unsure
whether to sit or stand. Oblivious, Macbeth starts away from
his seat towards the new arrivals:
MACBETH (CONT’D)
Our hostess keeps her state; but, in best time,
We will require her welcome.
LADY MACBETH
Pronounce it for me, Sir, to all our friends;
For my heart speaks, they are welcome.
Menteith holds out another seat for Macbeth...
MENTEITH
Your Majesty...

56.
... but Macbeth just moves past him.
MACBETH
Be large in mirth; anon, we’ll drink a measure
The table round.
The crowd watches, poised and uncomfortable in the silence as
Macbeth walks right up to Seyton. Seyton, aware that the room
is watching them, leans in close, uneasy.
MACBETH (CONT’D)
There’s blood upon thy face.
SEYTON
(whispering)
’Tis Banquo’s then.
MACBETH
’Tis better thee without, than he within.
Is he dispatch’d?
SEYTON
(whispering)
My Lord, his throat is cut;
That I did for him.
A brief silence. Macbeth puts a hand on his shoulder. As
though they are totally alone.
MACBETH
Thou art the best o’th’cut-throats;
Yet he’s good that did the like for Fleance:
If thou didst it, thou art the nonpareil.
SEYTON
(apprehensively)
Most royal Sir... Fleance is scap’d.
Macbeth stares at Seyton intently. He pulls him close by the
back of the neck, their foreheads touching. The room waiting
in suspension for their King to return to his chair.
MACBETH
Then comes my fit again:
I had else been perfect;
Whole as the marble, founded as the rock,
As broad and general as the casing air:
His breathing is laboured. He suddenly looks close to tears,
anger building:
MACBETH (CONT’D)
But now, I am cabin’d, cribb’d, confin’d, bound in
To saucy doubts and fears.

57.
Across the room, Lady Macbeth grows alarmed at the attention
he’s getting:
LADY MACBETH
My royal Lord,
You do not give the cheer.
Macbeth stops at the sound of her voice, looks back. Abruptly
aware of everyone watching him again. He rearranges his face
into a smile and nods back to Seyton, trying to mask their
conversation:
MACBETH
Thanks for that.
He starts back to his place. Lady Macbeth and all of the
Nobles STILL ON THEIR FEET, waiting for him to give the
toast. Lady Macbeth’s eyes ablaze as he begins to speak:
MACBETH (CONT’D)
Sweet remembrancer!
Now, good digestion wait on appetite,
And health on both!
Quickly Lennox offers Macbeth a cup of wine -- helping his
new King. Macbeth meets his eyes gratefully.
MACBETH (CONT’D)
(raising the toast)
Here had we now our country’s honour roof’d,
Were the grac’d person of our Banquo present;
Who may I rather challenge for unkindness
Than pity for mischance!
The Nobles force a LAUGH. Lady Macbeth doesn’t join in.
LENNOX
His absence, Sir,
Lays blame upon his promise.
Macbeth smiles at him and raises the cup to his lips, as do
others. But just as Macbeth starts to drink -He STOPS AGAIN, something catching his eye nearby. Everyone
pauses.
LENNOX (CONT’D)
What is’t that moves your Highness?
A change has come over Macbeth’s face. He starts forward.
MACBETH’S POV: Standing amongst the soldiers at the far end
of the hall, is BANQUO. Dressed for battle, his face covered
in war-paint. The wounds inflicted on him have disappeared.

58.
But his eyes burn into Macbeth -- a look of love. Of
betrayal.
BACK TO: Lady Macbeth immediately senses something is
seriously wrong now. Lennox too.
Slowly, Macbeth walks towards the vision of Banquo.
MACBETH
(almost under his breath)
Which of you have done this?
LENNOX
(confused)
What, my good Lord?
MACBETH
Thou canst not say, I did it:
MACBETH’S POV: Macbeth stares into the dead face of Banquo.
Macduff, fully aware of Macbeth’s agitation, speaks loudly,
pointedly:
MACDUFF
Gentlemen, his highness is not well.
Lady Macbeth quickly moves from her place as Macbeth’s hands
begin to TREMBLE FURIOUSLY. She speaks curtly to Macduff and
the others:
LADY MACBETH
Sit, worthy friends.
My Lord is often thus,
And hath been from his youth: pray you, keep seat;
The fit is momentary; upon a thought
He will again be well. If much you note him,
You shall offend him, and extend his passion;
Feed, and regard him not.
At her command, finally, the guests sit. Lady Macbeth takes
Macbeth’s wrist and draws him close. The whole room still
watching.
LADY MACBETH (CONT’D)
(whispering urgently)
Are you a man?
MACBETH
Ay, and a bold one, that dare look on that
Which might appal the Devil.
LADY MACBETH
O proper stuff!

59.
MACBETH
Prithee see there -- behold, look, lo, how say you?
Macbeth gestures back to the chair with his trembling hand.
Lady Macbeth takes his face in her palms without looking.
LADY MACBETH
This is the very painting of your fear:
This is the air-drawn dagger, which, you said,
Led you to Duncan.
Why do you make such faces?
As she speaks, Macbeth looks past her and -- blinks. Banquo
has now VANISHED. Replaced by one of his Soldiers.
MACBETH
If I stand here, I saw him.
LADY MACBETH
My worthy Lord,
Your noble friends do lack you.
She starts to lead him back to the table. Macbeth takes her
arm as he follows after her -- trying to convince her:
MACBETH
Blood hath been shed ere now, i’th’olden time,
The time has been
That, when the brains were out, the man would die,
And there an end; but now, they rise again,
And push us from our stools. This is more strange
Than such a Murder is.
She looks out at the guests sternly, ignoring him. He follows
her gaze and sees the eyes of the Guests upon them both. Sees
Macduff staring at him unabashedly.
MACBETH (CONT’D)
I do forget.
Macbeth manages a laugh, glancing again at Macduff, and grabs
for another drink. He raises his cup -- and the whole banquet
hall stands quickly once again to meet the toast.
MACBETH (CONT’D)
Do not muse at me, my most worthy friends,
I have a strange infirmity, which is nothing
To those that know me.
Come, love and health to all;
Give me some wine:
A servant pours more wine for him:

60.
MACBETH (CONT’D)
Fill full:
I drink to th’general joy o’th’whole table,
And to our dear friend Banquo, whom we miss;
Would he were here! To all, and him, we thirst,
And all to all.
LORDS
Our duties, and the pledge.
Macbeth swallows the entire thing. Then looks up from the cup
to see:
MACBETH’S POV: BANQUO is standing before him in ANOTHER PLACE
now. His stare bitter with reproach.
Macbeth can’t tear his eyes away. His hand starts to shake.
MACBETH (CONT’D)
(pleading quietly)
Avaunt and quit my sight. Let the earth hide thee.
Thy bones are marrowless, thy blood is cold;
Thou hast no speculation in those eyes,
Which thou dost glare with.
BACK TO: The guests, still standing, stare at their King as
he addresses the stone wall at the end of the room.
Abruptly, Macduff takes Lady Macduff’s arm and begins to exit
the hall: they’ve seen enough.
Lady Macbeth calls out sharply to them, desperation edging
into her voice now:
LADY MACBETH
Think of this, good Peers,
But as a thing of custom: ’tis no other...
MACBETH
(to Macduff)
Pray you, sit still!
Lady Macduff falters in the doorway. But Macduff takes her
hand again and leads her out, defying Macbeth’s order.
Macbeth turns to his wife. Runs his fingertips down her cheek
as if they are alone, entreating consolation. Quickly she
takes his hand away and holds it tight.
MACBETH (CONT’D)
You make me strange
Even to the disposition that I owe,
When now I think you can behold such sights
(MORE)

61.
MACBETH (CONT’D)
And keep the natural ruby of your cheeks,
When mine is blanch’d with fear.
LENNOX
What sights, my Lord?
Lady Macbeth rounds on him:
LADY MACBETH
I pray you, speak not!
He grows worse and worse;
Question enrages him. At once, good night.
Stunned, the audience does not move. Finally she snaps again:
LADY MACBETH (CONT’D)
Stand not upon the order of your going
But go at once!
The Nobles hastily gather their possessions and leave.
ROSSE
Good night, and better health
Attend his Majesty!
LADY MACBETH
A kind good night to all!
Eventually, Macbeth and Lady Macbeth are left alone in the
cavernous hall. Finally, for the first time, Macbeth takes a
seat.
MACBETH
It will have blood. They say blood will have blood.
CUT TO:
INT. DUNSINANE CASTLE/BANQUET CHAMBER - LATER
Late. Everyone has left, night sunken in. Macbeth lies fully
clothed on the floor of the hall.
Quietly, with a blanket over her shoulders, Lady Macbeth
enters. Kneels down to him:
MACBETH (CONT’D)
What is the night?
LADY MACBETH
Almost at odds with morning, which is which.
His eyes flicker with fatigue, but he keeps himself going.

62.
MACBETH
How say’st thou that Macduff denies his person
At our great bidding?
Lady Macbeth tenses, sensing what’s coming. Looking him firm
in the eye, she shakes her head, forbidding his pursuit of
this channel:
LADY MACBETH
You lack the season of all natures, sleep.
But Macbeth just presses on insistently.
MACBETH
I will to the Weird Sisters:
More shall they speak; for now I am bent to know,
By the worst means, the worst. For mine own good,
All causes shall give way: I am in blood
Stepp’d in so far that should I wade no more,
Returning were as tedious as go o’er.
Strange things I have in head that will to hand,
Which must be acted, ere they may be scann’d.
Trying to be tender, Lady Macbeth takes his trembling hands
in hers and rests her forehead against his brow. Her
affection subdues him and his eyes sag, weighted down with
exhaustion.
INT. DUNSINANE CASTLE/BEDCHAMBER
Gently, Lady Macbeth leads Macbeth to the bed, lays him down
and strokes his head as she did before.
She curls herself next to him. Nestles her head against his
back as her own eyes begin to close, willing him to rest.
But his eyes remain open.
INT. DUNSINANE CASTLE/BEDCHAMBER - NIGHT
Silence. Lady Macbeth sleeps peacefully by Macbeth’s side.
Macbeth, however, is still wide awake, staring up at the
ceiling.
Strange LIGHTS are dancing amongst the shadows on the walls.
Curiously he gets to his feet and tracks them to their source
-- a crack in the curtain.
The NORTHERN LIGHTS are streaking the black night outside,
glaring brilliantly. As though calling to him. He casts a
look at his wife, innocent in her sleep, and...

63.
EXT. COUNTRYSIDE - DAWN
Dawn is breaking. Macbeth rides through the cold countryside.
The night’s darkness is slowly receding as he chases the
light fervently.
EXT. BATTLEFIELD - DAY
Daylight. Macbeth comes to the battlefield where he fought
Macdonwald’s men. Again, ominously, a thick wall of MIST is
blocking the plain. It is freezing now, its ghostly swirls
reaching out around his knees.
Tufts of grass sprout from the frost-covered mounds that mark
the mass graves of his soldiers. Intractably drawn,
searching, he calls out to the mist:
MACBETH
I conjure you, by that which you profess,
Howe’er you come to know it, answer me!
There is no response. Macbeth starts to walk forwards. Around
him the swirls begin to thicken.
MACBETH (CONT’D)
Speak, I charge you!
Nothing. His desperation builds and he breaks into a run,
which turns to a sprint, panting, until finally...
He stops. Out of breath. The mist is silent. Fathomless. He
is alone.
Then, from nearby, the faint peal of bells begins to chime in
the mist. He turns, the sound drawing him on towards it.
From within the fog the forms of the WITCHES take shape,
standing over the red glow of a fire. An infant is CRYING.
Macbeth walks toward them. The crying becomes CLEARER and
LOUDER. And the mist clears, to reveal they are preparing
some kind of mixture over a flame.
The Older Witch is cradling an INFANT in her arms. It plays
with the bells around her neck contentedly. The others work
beside her, grinding herbs with a pestle and mortar.
The Older Witch looks up at Macbeth. Her eyes solemn with
intensity:
OLDER WITCH
Be lion-mettled, proud, and take no care
Who chafes, who frets, or where conspirers are:

64.
YOUNGER WITCH
Macbeth shall never vanquish’d be.
MIDDLE WITCH
Until Great Birnam wood to high Dunsinane hill
Shall come against him.
Macbeth looks down, to see that the Witches are now pouring
BLOOD from the leather pouch we saw earlier into the mixture
they’re making. When it’s spent, they hold the bowl up to
him. As though challenging him to drink.
Tentatively, he takes the bowl and brings it to his mouth.
The thick, dark liquid running over his lips. And...
DISSOLVE TO WHITE
EXT. BATTLEFIELD/MIST - DAY
THEN: Macbeth wanders alone in the mist; as though in a
dream. As though out of time itself. The Witches are gone.
Through the mist around him, a rank of his BLOODY SOLDIERS
appears. Processing across the field past him, their eyes
cast down in defeat, marks from their last battle still
fresh. An army lost to the ages.
Macbeth peers around at them. They each seem to murmur
snippets of speech.
GHOST SOLDIER
Beware Macduff.
ANOTHER GHOST SOLDIER
Beware the Thane of Fife. Dismiss me. Enough.
A THIRD GHOST SOLDIER
Beware Macduff.
They trudge past Macbeth without looking at him. Until, from
their ranks -- the YOUNG BOY SOLDIER from the battlefield
appears. He comes to a stop before Macbeth.
YOUNG BOY SOLDIER
Be bloody, bold, and resolute: laugh to scorn
The power of man, for none of woman born
Shall harm Macbeth.
Macbeth reaches out to embrace the Young Boy Soldier,
relieved. The Boy accepts his hold without emotion. Then
breaks away and marches on. Macbeth’s mind whirring.

65.
MACBETH
Then live, Macduff: what need I fear of thee?
But yet I’ll make assurance double sure,
And take a bond of Fate: thou shalt not live.
He looks back after the Young Boy Soldier -- but he is gone.
The rest of the army vanished too. Macbeth is utterly alone.
CUT TO:
EXT. COUNTRYSIDE - DAY
An isolated valley. Macduff hurries his Wife and Children
onto three horses, flanked by two of his guards. He lifts the
youngest Child up to Lady Macduff on the horse and kisses
them each goodbye urgently. He has to leave.
EXT. BATTLEFIELD - MORNING
Daylight. The mist has cleared. Through it, vacant-eyed and
somnambulant, Macbeth is wandering like a lost soldier, his
body smeared with earth. His horse gently grazes nearby.
Lennox rides up alone. He has clearly been looking for his
King. He quickly dismounts and hurries over as Macbeth
squints into the early morning sun. He calls out:
MACBETH
Saw you the Weird Sisters?
Lennox’s eyes scan the area, briefly. He has no idea what
Macbeth’s talking about.
LENNOX
No, my Lord.
MACBETH
Came they not by you?
LENNOX
No, indeed, my Lord.
Lennox takes out a blanket and tries to wrap it around
Macbeth, helping him back onto his horse. Macbeth grabs
Lennox’s arm, grinning up at the sky around him.
MACBETH
Infected be the air whereon they ride;
And damn’d all those that trust them!

66.
He lets out a WHOOP, exhilarated by the prophecy he’s heard.
Lennox nods, unsettled, and gently removes the King’s hand
from his arm. Macbeth rides off.
EXT. COUNTRYSIDE - DAY
Lennox and Macbeth ride through the barren landscape. Macbeth
seems alert now, charged with a new purpose.
EXT. DUNSINANE CASTLE - DAY
Lady Macbeth waits by a side entrance of the castle. Watching
her husband coming towards her along the beach, wariness in
her eyes.
EXT. DUNSINANE CASTLE - DAY
Macbeth paces, listening to the news since his departure.
Lennox and Seyton are hovering nearby. Lady Macbeth stares at
her husband, fear edging into her look.
MACBETH
Who was’t came by?
LENNOX
’Tis two or three, my Lord, that bring you word,
Macduff is fled to England.
MACBETH
Fled to England?
LENNOX
Ay, my good Lord.
Macbeth holds Lennox’s stare for a second. Then nods,
confirmed in his actions. He starts pulling on his armour:
MACBETH
Time, thou anticipat’st my dread exploits.
The flighty purpose never is o’ertook
Unless the deed go with it. From this moment,
The very firstlings of my heart shall be
The firstlings of my hand. Be it thought and done:
Lady Macbeth shakes her head and moves to him in entreaty.
Grabs his arm -- but Macbeth stops and stares at her in
surprise like a stranger.
LADY MACBETH
Hell is murky. What’s done cannot be undone.

67.
Macbeth watches her for a second. Gently takes her face in
his hands. For a fleeting moment, she sees his old self
again.
Then, as he holds her, he calls out to Lennox and Seyton:
MACBETH
Send out more horses, skirr the country round;
Hang those that talk of fear.
The castle of Macduff I will surprise,
Seize upon Fife, give to th' edge o' th' sword
His wife, his babes, and all unfortunate souls
That trace him in his line. No boasting like a fool.
This deed I’ll do before this purpose cool.
She tries to grapple with him, begging him not to do this
terrible act. But finally he SHOVES HER AWAY and strides out
of the chamber.
Lady Macbeth stares after him in shock. Overwhelmed by the
change in his condition. By the darkness unfolding before
her.
CUT TO:
EXT. SCOTTISH PLAIN - DAY
Dense woods. Silence. A young BOY runs through the trees. He
could be playing. Innocent almost. Then -LADY MACDUFF (O.S.)
(screaming)
Murder!
We see Lady Macduff running for her life behind him,
clutching her youngest child in her arms.
Behind them, Macbeth’s SOLDIERS are bearing down on
horseback.
The older Boy trips and falls. Lady Macduff desperately helps
him up, pulling him back to his feet. He sprints on ahead -but it’s too late for her. The Soldiers grab her up.
LADY MACDUFF (CONT’D)
(screaming)
Murder! I have done no harm!
EXT. DUNSINANE CASTLE - DUSK
CLOSE ON: Lady Macbeth’s face, staring up outside the castle.
Shocked with grief over what’s about to happen.

68.
WIDE: Lady Macduff and her Children are tied to poles on a
platform before the castle walls. A pyre beneath them stacked
with wood for burning. The Children CRYING quietly.
A CROWD watches. Lady Macbeth hesitates at their fore -- as
though for a moment she might try to step forward and release
these prisoners. But then...
Macbeth walks forwards brandishing a fiery torch.
MACBETH
Bring me no more reports; let them fly all:
Till Birnam wood remove to Dunsinane,
I cannot taint with fear.
Macbeth points towards to the surrounding Birnam Woods. The
people of Inverness and Dunsinane follow his gesture,
uncomprehending. His own Soldiers looking on.
Amongst them are Rosse and Angus. Hooded within the crowd.
Lady Macbeth stares at her husband, no longer recognising the
man she loves. As he yells out:
MACBETH (CONT’D)
What’s the boy Malcolm?
Was he not born of woman? The spirits that know
All mortal consequence have pronounc’d me thus:
‘Fear not, Macbeth; no man that’s born of woman
Shall e’er have power upon thee.’
Then fly, false Thanes,
And mingle with the English epicures.
Macbeth looks down towards Lady Macbeth. Her face stricken.
MACBETH (CONT’D)
Why are you silent?
She cannot respond.
Macbeth approaches Lady Macduff and her children with the
flaming torch. Lady Macduff cries out, defiant, strong:
LADY MACDUFF
This tyrant, whose sole name blisters our tongues,
Was once thought honest!
Macbeth hesitates at her words. The briefest of pauses. Then - he lowers the torch.
The wood CATCHES. Lady Macbeth stares on as the flames rise
up. Her face shuttering into a mask of grief.

69.
EXT. DUNSINANE CASTLE - NIGHT
Darkness. The castle is silhouetted in the distance. The
corpses of Lady Macduff and her children ENGULFED IN FLAMES
on the stakes.
Lady Macbeth just stares blankly. Her mind cracked by the
atrocity she’s witnessed. She looks up and follows the flames
flickering high in the sky.
CUT TO:
EXT. ENGLISH BORDER - DUSK
Two dozen tents occupy a large swathe of hillside by the
Scottish-English border. The stone wall dividing the nations
stretches as far as the eye can see, torches lighting its
length.
A huge ARMY OF SOLDIERS, healthy, well equipped and well
trained, prepares beneath them. It is a modern force, with a
vast supply of weapons and horses.
Rosse, Angus and the other Scottish Lords pull up on horses,
their few belongings bound behind them.
A young man walks over to greet them: MALCOLM. All the
Soldiers stand for him as the riders dismount: a young
general in the making. He embraces Rosse, then Angus, excited
to see the familiar faces.
ROSSE
Now is the time of help. Your eye in Scotland
Would create soldiers, make our women fight,
To doff their dire distresses.
Malcolm nods, enjoying the feeling of importance.
MALCOLM
Be’t their comfort,
We are coming thither.
ROSSE
Would I could answer
This comfort with the like. But I have words
That would be howled out in the desert air,
Where hearing should not latch them.
EXT. ENGLISH COUNTRYSIDE - NIGHT
In another part of the encampment a man is kneeling on the
ground, praying. MACDUFF.

70.
He sees Malcolm and Angus walking towards him. Rosse and
other Thanes holding back. He stands as they arrive.
MACDUFF
My ever-gentle cousin,
Stands Scotland where it did?
ANGUS
Alas, poor country.
Almost afraid to know itself. It cannot
Be call’d our mother, but our grave.
MACDUFF
What’s the newest grief?
Angus tries to speak -- but he cannot find the courage.
Macduff senses something is wrong. Fear taking hold deep
within in him. Malcolm steps forward:
MALCOLM
Let not your ears despise my tongue forever,
Which shall possess them with the heaviest sound
That ever yet they heard.
MACDUFF
How does my wife?
Malcolm sucks in a breath, mustering strength.
MALCOLM
Your castle is surpris’d; your wife and babes,
Savagely slaughter’d. To relate the manner
Were, on the quarry of these Murder’d deer,
To add the death of you.
Macduff goes pale, disbelief tricking over his face.
What man?

MACDUFF

Malcolm doesn’t answer. The culprit is clear.
MACDUFF (CONT’D)
My children too?
MALCOLM
Wife, children, servants, all
That could be found.
MACDUFF
And I must be from thence?

71.
Malcolm hesitates, unsettled by the insinuation. Quickly
Macduff turns away and begins to gather up his belongings, as
if there is something he could do. Then he stops, staring
into nothing.
MACDUFF (CONT’D)
My wife kill’d too?
MALCOLM
I have said. Be comforted:
Let’s make us med’cines of our great revenge,
To cure this deadly grief -MACDUFF
He has no children!
Malcolm falters, unable to answer the force of Macduff’s
rage. Macduff chokes on his grief, grappling Malcolm to him.
MACDUFF (CONT’D)
What, all my pretty chickens, and their dam,
At one fell swoop?
MALCOLM
Dispute it like a man...
Macduff looks up at him in outrage.
MACDUFF
I shall do so.
But I must also feel it as a man. Sinful Macduff,
They were all struck for thee.
MALCOLM
Be this the whetstone of your sword,
Let grief convert to anger.
Blunt not the heart, enrage it. Gracious England hath
Lent us ten thousand men. Our power is ready;
Our lack is nothing but our leave.
Macduff looks up to the Scottish mountains beyond the wall,
now utterly determined, as if he’s speaking to Macbeth
himself.
MACDUFF
Front to front
Bring thou this fiend of Scotland and myself.
Within my sword’s length set him.
If he scape heaven, forgive him too.
CUT TO:

72.
EXT. REMOTE LANDSCAPE - EVENING (LATER)
Lennox and Menteith sit beside a tent and a fire. Speaking as
if directly to us, just as Lennox did in Duncan’s quarters
earlier. As they talk, images play over their narration:
LENNOX
Great Dunsinane he strongly fortifies...
INT. DUNSINANE CASTLE - VARIOUS TIMES
Macbeth, dead-eyed, swings a sword in his chamber.
LENNOX (V.O.)
Some say he’s mad. Others, that lesser hate him,
Do call it valiant fury.
Macbeth rocks in a beam of light from a window, alone.
LENNOX (V.O.)
But, for certain,
He cannot buckle his distemper’d cause
Within the belt of rule.
Macbeth jogs around the castle’s rooms, on edge.
LENNOX (V.O.)
Those he commands move only in command...
Macbeth drinks wine at dawn, its effects lost on him.
LENNOX (V.O.)
Nothing in love.
Macbeth stares into space, his crown perched on his brow.
EXT. REMOTE LANDSCAPE - EVENING
Menteith takes a breath. This is what he expected.
MENTEITH
Now does he feel
His secret Murders sticking on his hands.
Lennox nods grimly. At that -- one of their DOGS nearby
begins to BARK. Then TWO, then THE WHOLE PACK. Their eyes
turn:
To see three of MACBETH’S ARMY riding in their direction.

73.
The two old men rise. One picks up an axe and the other a
sword. Readying themselves for their fate.
CUT TO:
INT. DUNSINANE CASTLE/BEDCHAMBER - NIGHT
Lady Macbeth sits alone in her chamber, washing some tools in
a bowl. Disquieted, she scrubs at them harder and harder.
They are the daggers with which Duncan was killed.
Unsatisfied, she looks up.
EXT. INVERNESS - DAY
Lady Macbeth travels towards her old village on horseback
with her Maidservant. She is swathed in muslin, her shoulders
covered by a white cloak.
Inverness is now in ruins. The tents have long gone and the
cross-beams and structural supports stand like abandoned
totems. Only the chapel remains, snow glistening against its
sides.
It is a ghost town.
INT. INVERNESS/CHAPEL - DAY
Lady Macbeth sits on the floor of the chapel alone, enveloped
only in the muslin now. Her breath clouds in the freezing
air. But she does not seem to feel the cold.
Part of the roof is sagging and torn, small flakes of snow
finding their way into the interior.
Her eyes stare out at someone we cannot see in the chapel
before her. She speaks quietly, as though pleading with all
that has past. As though confessing, almost.
LADY MACBETH
Yet here’s a spot.
Out, damned spot! out, I say!
Hell is murky...
At some imagined response, her face hardens. Upbraiding
whomever she sees:

74.
LADY MACBETH (CONT’D)
Fie, my Lord, fie! A soldier, and afeard?
What need we fear who knows it, when none can call our
power to account?
Yet who would have thought the old man to have had so
much blood in him?
At this, her face cracks in sadness, almost imperceptibly.
LADY MACBETH (CONT’D)
The Thane of Fife had a wife: where is she now?
What, will these hands ne’r be clean?
No more o’that, my Lord, no more o’that: you mar all
with this starting.
Here’s the smell of the blood still:
All the perfumes of Arabia will not sweeten this little
hand.
Wash your hands, put on your night-gown; look not so
pale.
To bed, to bed: there’s knocking at the gate.
She starts to beg, reaching out in plea now:
LADY MACBETH (CONT’D)
Come, come, come, come, give me your hand.
What’s done cannot be undone.
To bed, to bed, to bed.
Finally, her eyes sag with exhaustion, the lids closing. But
she forces them open again. Desperate to cling on to the
vision before her. And finally we turn in the direction of
her stare to see:
A SMALL CHILD on the floor of the chapel. Pale, his skin
marred with red sores.
It is her SON. The boy we saw in the opening image, now alive
again.
Until, softly -WIND-CHIMES peal on the wind outside. She looks up.
EXT. INVERNESS/VILLAGE SQUARE - DAY
Lady Macbeth walks away from the chapel, barefoot now over
the snow-dusted ground. Icy MIST swirls around her.
Some way in the distance, on the crest of a hill, are FOUR
FIGURES. The Witches. One has a bundle in her arms: the
infant we saw earlier. It seems to beckon Lady Macbeth on.
Lady Macbeth stares. Drawn inexorably.

75.
LADY MACBETH
To bed. To bed. To bed.
She walks on, struggling with each new step. Her eyes lilting
to sleep.
WIDE: Lady Macbeth is alone and lost, wandering into the
landscape, fully exposed to the elements.
CUT TO:
INT. DUNSINANE CASTLE/NAVE - DAY
Macbeth sits on the floor of the coronation chamber. The few
villagers and children still loyal to him sit around him.
Candles light the space, arranged in a vigil for their Queen.
The atmosphere is prayer-like, solemn.
Macbeth is wearing his royal cloak like a blanket. His face
is haggard, beyond exhausted. A man who cannot rest.
A MESSENGER approaches, breaking his reverie. Macbeth smiles.
MACBETH
The devil damn thee black, thou cream-fac’d loon.
Where gott’st thou that goose look?
The Messenger is visibly scared to relay the news he has.
MESSENGER
There is ten thousand -MACBETH
Geese, villain?
MESSENGER
Soldiers, Sir.
Macbeth chuckles.
MACBETH
Go, prick thy face and over-red thy fear,
Thou lily-liver’d boy. What soldiers, patch?
Death of thy soul! Those linen cheeks of thine
Are counsellors to fear. What soldiers, whey-face?
MESSENGER
The English force, so please you.
The news settles. Macbeth nods, expecting this inevitability.

76.
MACBETH
Hang out our banners on the outward walls;
The cry is still, “They come.” Our castle’s
strength
Will laugh a siege to scorn: here let them lie,
Till famine and the ague eat them up.
The Messenger’s head remains bowed. Unsure of his master’s
command.
INT. DUNSINANE CASTLE/BEDCHAMBER - CONTINUOUS
Macbeth enters. Lady Macbeth is lying motionless on a bed,
her face white and still, her lips blue. Her Maidservant lies
next to her, her eyes red and swollen from crying.
A DOCTOR stands by. Nervous. Macbeth approaches.
MACBETH
How does your patient, Doctor?
The Doctor takes a solemn breath.
My Lord--

DOCTOR

MACBETH
Canst thou not minister to a mind diseas’d,
Pluck from the memory a rooted sorrow,
Raze out the written troubles of the brain,
And with some sweet oblivious antidote
Cleanse the stuff’d bosom of that perilous stuff
Which weighs upon the heart?
The Doctor has no idea how to respond. Macbeth motions for
him to come closer, smiling confidentially:
MACBETH (CONT’D)
(whispering)
Doctor, the Thanes fly from me.
What rhubarb, cyme or what purgative drug,
Would scour these English hence? Hear’st thou of them?
The Doctor nods, terrified.
DOCTOR
Ay, my good Lord: your royal preparation
Makes us hear something.
MACBETH
If thou couldst, Doctor, cast
The water of my land, find her disease,
And purge it to a sound and pristine health,
(MORE)

77.
MACBETH (CONT'D)
I would applaud thee to the very echo,
That should applaud again.
Macbeth looks expectantly at the Doctor. Then:
DOCTOR
The Queen, my Lord, is dead.
Macbeth stares at him, confused for a second. His hand moves
to a strap of his armour but finds it isn’t there. The Doctor
watches him speechlessly. Finally, he turns to Lady Macbeth.
He treads over. The reality of his loss sinking in.
MACBETH
She should have died hereafter:
There would have been a time for such a word.
He steps forward to her. Close. The air tremors out of him.
Then, as though speaking softly straight to her:
MACBETH (CONT’D)
To-morrow, and to-morrow, and to-morrow,
Creeps in this petty pace from day to day,
To the last syllable of recorded time;
And all our yesterdays have lighted fools
The way to dusty death.
His face cracks a little but he holds himself in. He exhales,
steadying, and collects her up in his arms. Lifting her from
the bed, clutching her as if she’s still alive.
MACBETH (CONT’D)
Out, out, brief candle.
Life’s but a walking shadow; a poor player,
That struts and frets his hour upon the stage,
And then is heard no more: it is a tale
Told by an idiot, full of sound and fury,
Signifying nothing.
He sits with the body. Stroking her hair. Tries to look down
at her again but closes his eyes. Lost. Behind him, the
Maidservant starts to cry.
MACBETH (CONT’D)
What is that noise?
DOCTOR
It is the cry of women, my good Lord.
Macbeth hardly seems to hear. Holding his wife’s lifeless
body in his arms.

78.
MACBETH
I have almost forgot the taste of fears.
The time has been, my senses would have cool’d
To hear a night-shriek; and my fell of hair
Would at a dismal treatise rouse, and stir,
As life were in’t. I have supp’d full with horrors:
Direness, familiar to my slaughterous thoughts,
Cannot once start me.
As he peers down at her, a Messenger enters. Macbeth barely
looks up.
MACBETH (CONT’D)
Thy story, quickly.
MESSENGER
Gracious my Lord,
I should report that which I say I saw,
But know not how to do’t.
Macbeth’s face settles at this. He knows what’s coming.
INT. DUNSINANE CASTLE/CHAMBER - MOMENTS LATER
Macbeth strides through the castle chamber. A fatal
determination in him now. Calling out:
MACBETH
Seyton! -- I am sick at heart,
When I behold -- Seyton, I say!
Silence. He sits on the throne. Speaking to himself:
MACBETH (CONT’D)
This push
Will cheer me ever, or disseat me now.
Seyton hurries in. Macbeth looks up at him. Quiet now.
MACBETH (CONT’D)
I have liv’d long enough: my way of life
Is fall’n into the sere, the yellow leaf;
And that which should accompany old age,
As honour, love, obedience, troops of friends,
I must not look to have; but in their stead,
Curses, not loud, but deep, mouth-honour, breath,
Which the poor heart would fain deny, and dare not.
Seyton?
SEYTON
All is confirm’d, my Lord, which was reported.
Macbeth is expressionless.

79.
MACBETH
I’ll fight, till from my bones my flesh be hack’d.
Give me my armour.
SEYTON
’Tis not needed yet.
Macbeth launches up to his feet in sudden fury:
MACBETH
I’ll put it on!
CUT TO:
EXT. BIRNAM WOOD - DUSK
FLAMES rage around us, as ghoulish silhouettes of ENGLISH
SOLDIERS set torches to the trees of Birnam wood. The blaze
bathing the world in red, like a descent into hell.
From out of their ranks we find a lone figure: MACDUFF,
dressed as a Scottish warrior, war-paint streaking his face.
EXT. DUNSINANE CASTLE/PLAIN - DUSK
SMOKE billows over the castle from the inferno. Cloaking it
in the blackness of a false night.
EXT. DUNSINANE CASTLE/BATTLEMENT - DUSK
From the battlements, Macbeth stares out at the burning
landscape. Other MEN from his army gather in behind him,
their mouths gaping in disbelief.
The DARK SMOKE is palling around them, blown from the fiery
forest. BIRNAM WOOD is entirely ENGULFED IN FLAMES across the
plain, the blaze snaking into the sky.
Within the dark plume of smoke, tiny EMBERS of charred wood
float delicately towards the castle. Glowing bright orange,
red and yellow, they mingle with the blackness of the fog.
We follow ONE OF THE EMBERS as it dances in the wind and
eventually comes to find...
... MACBETH’S PALM, held out in the air. He brings it back
in. And we notice: his hand entirely still now. Under
control.

80.
MACBETH
(hushed, to himself)
And now a wood
Comes toward Dunsinane.
His mouth dries. His face becomes resolute.
MACBETH (CONT’D)
Ring the alarum bell. Arm, arm, and out.
EXT. BIRNAM WOOD - NIGHT
Macduff emerges from the flames onto the edge of the
battlefield. Armed. Ready. He bellows for his nemesis:
MACDUFF
Tyrant, show thy face!
EXT. DUNSINANE CASTLE/PLAIN - NIGHT
Macbeth and his few remaining Soldiers appear from the gates
of the castle into the red haze of the plain before it.
Amongst them, we can pick out some of the Recruits that
survived the battle with Macdonwald. They are petrified,
their leader now seeming like a stranger to them.
Macbeth briefly checks over his weaponry as he did in the
opening: the sword, the daggers. The warrior again. He stoops
to fill his hand with black Scottish soil, daubs it over his
face.
He then sucks in a breath, savouring what’s to come. And he
starts to walk forward fearlessly at the front of this meagre
rank, sword held aloft, right into the thick swirls of smoke.
MACBETH
There is nor flying hence, nor tarrying here.
I ’gin to be aweary of the sun,
And wish th’estate o’th’world were now undone.
Blow, wind! Come, wrack!
At least we’ll die with harness on our back.
Suddenly out of the flames charge -- THREE ENGLISH SOLDIERS.
They attack Macbeth, but he brings them each down with quick
successive blows of his broadsword.
MACBETH (CONT’D)
They have tied me to a stake: I cannot fly,
But, bear-like, I must fight the course. What’s he,
That was not born of woman? Such a one
Am I to fear, or none.

81.
Macbeth breaks into a run, taking out TWO MORE SOLDIERS as he
goes. Then THREE MORE. Then another THREE. Fearless,
invincible. Alone at the front of the fight.
MACBETH (CONT’D)
Why should I play the Roman fool, and die
On mine own sword? Whiles I see lives, the gashes
Do better upon them...
He stabs his sword into another, brutal, when...
VOICE (O.S.)
Turn, Hell-hound, turn!
At the cry, Macbeth’s head stiffens. The voice familiar. He
hesitates for a second, then turns slowly, sword in one hand,
dagger in the other, to see:
Macduff walking towards him from the smoke, revenge sunken
into his features.
The other English Soldiers are holding back behind him.
Macbeth glances round. His own men are standing off too. As
if allowing this confrontation to take place. The war between
nations resting on these two enemies’ fates.
Macbeth looks back coolly.
MACBETH
Of all men else I have avoided thee,
But get thee back, my soul is too much charg’d
With blood of thine already.
MACDUFF
I have no words;
My voice is in my sword.
Macbeth readies himself. And at that -- Macduff CHARGES,
sword raised.
Macbeth throws up his blade -- but Macduff strikes down in a
storm of blows. Macbeth dodging and countering fiercely.
Again and again Macduff unleashes attacks with all his might - but Macbeth parries them all. A man without fear. Forcing
his opponent to tire himself. And, just as Macduff flags a
little -Macbeth seizes the opportunity and launches forward, an
unstoppable force.
Macduff desperately tries to avoid his strikes. His breath
becoming more laboured, his defences weaker.

82.
Macbeth’s strikes draws closer and closer to their target -and suddenly he breaks through Macduff’s guard and SLASHES
his blade across his shoulder. Macduff SCREAMS OUT and
stumbles back.
Macbeth looks over at him. Defiant. Offering him survival.
MACBETH
Thou losest labour:
As easy may’st thou the intranchant air
With thy keen sword impress, as make me bleed.
But Macduff raises himself up again, beckoning Macbeth to
come on, clenching his sword in his fist.
Macbeth lunges. Macduff blocks. The two warriors duck and
weave, Macbeth heaving forth a series of heavy blows with his
sword. But then, too confident now, Macbeth overstretches
himself in anger and -Macduff dodges aside and comes back like lightning, SLICING
ACROSS MACBETH’S STOMACH with his blade.
Macbeth staggers past him in shock. Turns, furious, when
suddenly...
He FREEZES. Everything seeming to still for a moment, as in
the battle at the opening.
For, in the smoke behind Macduff, Macbeth catches sight of:
FOUR FAMILIAR FIGURES ADVANCING.
The WITCHES. Present somehow before him on this battleground.
Macbeth stares at them. Then -He DRIVES his broadsword into the ground and turns back to
Macduff, drawing a lighter blade. Willing his fate to come
on.
He hurls himself forward in an attack, parrying blow after
blow until he SWIPES HIS SWORD ACROSS MACDUFF’S LEG.
Macduff screams out, lashes at Macbeth again. But Macbeth
ducks aside -- so Macduff grapples him in a lock. SLAMMING
PUNCHES into his enemy’s flank, his exhaustion making their
fight even more brutal now, more primitive.
With a yell, Macbeth shoves Macduff away and swings back with
his sword. Macduff reels away -- but Macbeth closes in,
PUNCHING him in the face and HEADBUTTING him.

83.
Macduff drops his weapon at the pain, tries to grapple
Macbeth again -- but Macbeth turns and uses the momentum to
THROW HIM OVER HIS SHOULDER to the ground.
He straddles his foe. HURLS HIS FIST down into Macduff’s face
again and again to weaken him. Desperate now, Macduff rolls
Macbeth over, pulling out a dagger and thrusting down --- but Macbeth catches his arm in the crook of his elbow and
SNAPS IT just in time. Macduff CRIES OUT in agony. In the
instant Macbeth HEAVES him over onto his back again, ripping
the blade from Macduff’s hand and driving it down at his neck
when -Macduff throws up his hands to block the strike at the last
second. Macbeth forces the blade down towards Macduff’s
throat, struggling hard against his desperate resistance.
He speaks, right into Macduff’s face as he wrestles the point
closer for the kill:
MACBETH (CONT’D)
Let fall thy blade on vulnerable crests;
I bear a charmed life; which must not yield
To one of woman born
Macduff gasps. The Witches still looking on, as...
MACDUFF
Despair thy charm;
And let the Angel whom thou still hast serv’d
Tell thee, Macduff was from his mother’s womb
Untimely ripp’d.
At this, suddenly -- Macbeth’s grip loosens. His eyes
deadened by the words. Shocked.
Thrown, he looks up at those around him.
And there, in the ranks of the Soldiers, he sees THE YOUNG
BOY SOLDIER.
Macbeth turns his gaze back to Macduff.
MACBETH
Acursed be that tongue that tells me so,
For it hath cow’d my better part of man.
Macbeth lowers his blade a little. Broken by this news. He
sinks back on his haunches, completely drained.
MACBETH (CONT’D)
I’ll not fight with thee.

84.
Seizing his chance, still caught in the fight -- Macduff
lashes out with his blade, SLICING MACBETH across the gut.
Macbeth flinches at the blow. Then Macduff STRIKES AGAIN.
Distantly feeling the pain, Macbeth grips his wounded
stomach. Blood tumbling out over his hands.
But, summoning strength, he stands. Turns his back on
Macduff.
The nightmare he is in suddenly dawns on him. He looks around
the battlefield like he is waking from a dream. Not
understanding where he is or how he got here. A brief moment
of clarity from the murky hell of his mind.
He looks back to his young Soldiers -- the ones he led into
battle against Macdonwald. But one by one, they drop their
swords and walk away from him into the smoke.
He meets Seyton’s eyes last of all. As Seyton lowers his gaze
and follows after them.
Macbeth has been deserted entirely, the last vestiges of
loyalty his men once owed him gone. The truth of what he has
become piercingly clear: a tyrant. A murderer. A forsaken
warrior. Alone.
Behind him, Macduff rises up to his feet.
MACDUFF
Then yield thee, coward,
And live to be the show and gaze o’th’time:
I will have thee, as our rarer monsters are,
Painted upon a pole, and underwrit,
“Here may you see the tyrant.”
Macbeth turns back round to face him -- and makes out the
indistinct forms of six men on horseback watching the fight.
Malcolm, Rosse, Angus and THREE ENGLISH LORDS.
At this sight, Macbeth locks eyes with Macduff. Refusing to
give in to this humiliation. To surrender everything he has
fought for.
MACBETH
I will not yield,
To kiss the ground before young Malcolm’s feet,
And to be baited with the rabble’s curse.
Though Birnam wood be come to Dunsinane,
And thou oppos’d, being of no woman born,
Yet I will try the last.

85.
With painful effort, Macbeth pulls a last dagger from a
sheath on his leg. He steps towards Macduff, urging it on.
MACBETH (CONT’D)
Before my body
I throw my warlike shield: lay on, Macduff;
And damn’d be him that first cries, ‘Hold, enough!’
He reaches out -- strong even in the face of his fate -- and
clasps his arm around Macduff’s neck. The two men stare into
one another’s eyes. And, finally, with all his force -Macduff DRIVES HIS SWORD DEEP INTO MACBETH’S GUT, plunging it
right through him for the fatal blow.
Macbeth’s face stiffens, frozen in a flicker of brief pain.
Blood pours out from his gut.
Macduff looks into Macbeth’s dying face as Macbeth clings to
him. Two warriors ruined by fate. Still on their feet.
Until...
Macduff yanks his sword free. And, as one, they collapse down
to the ground.
Flecks of ash and fire float in the air above them.
On his knees, Macbeth sees the Witches finally turn their
back on him and walk away.
And, at long last, his eyes lilt to a close.
Dead.
Macduff stares. His sole reason to live now extinguished.
In the quiet, Malcolm, Rosse, Angus and the Three English
Thanes ride up to him on their horses.
Malcolm looks down at the fallen king. Vestiges of admiration
still wrestling over his brow. Once his hero. Now his fallen
foe.
MALCOLM
He’s worth more sorrow,
And that I’ll spend for him.
ANGUS
He’s worth no more.
This way, my Lord; the castle’s gently render’d.
At this, Macduff looks up to Malcolm from Macbeth’s broken
body, exhausted and drained. Bitterly:

86.
MACDUFF
Hail. King of Scotland.
Angus takes up the call, turning to the Soldiers behind:
ANGUS
Hail, King of Scotland!
SOLDIERS (O.S)
Hail, King of Scotland!
The sound of ten thousand voices echoes through the air. And
Malcolm rides on towards Dunsinane Castle. The English army
following behind their new king.
Macduff watches row after row of ENGLISH SOLDIERS in shining
chain-mail march past the fallen warrior before him.
Macbeth’s lifeless body is still upright on its knees, as if
defying even death itself. Cinders and ash swirling around
them.
CUT TO:
EXT. DUNSINANE CASTLE/PLAIN - LATER
Dawn sunlight creeps in. The smoke has dissipated a little,
the trees of Birnam Wood still smouldering in the cool air.
Macbeth’s body is now coated in the ash that has fallen
around him. The ground black with it all. His figure deserted
in the middle of this desolate battlefield.
Then, the form of a young boy emerges from the smoke. He’s
not in armour, but wrapped in warm rags. He walks over to
Macbeth’s corpse and kneels at it, as we see -It is FLEANCE. He looks wilder than before, neglected. But he
studies Macbeth with fascination.
Then, with great effort, he walks over to Macbeth’s sword in
the ground and pulls it free.
INT. DUNSINANE/GREAT HALL - DAY
Malcolm sits alone in the grand hall. Duncan’s iconic sword
resting in his hands. The room prepared for his imminent
coronation.
He slowly unsheaths the sword from its scabbard. And his arm
begins to tremble.

87.
Whether from the weight of the ceremonial blade or the
realisation of his new responsibility, we do not know.
He stands and looks round at the empty THRONE. At his CROWN
resting on its seat.
Then, he turns towards the vast doors of the chamber. From it
an impenetrable shaft of light is beaming down on him.
He begins to walk towards it, sword in hand. As...
EXT. DUNSANINE CASTLE/PLAIN - DAY
Fleance feels the weight of Macbeth’s sword in his hands. He
casts a glance back toward the looming castle behind him.
Then looks round to the woods from which he came. As if he is
able to see something in them that we can’t.
And there, we see that A THICK WALL OF MIST has formed, just
like in the opening battle. Its depths seem hungry,
impenetrable.
A RUMBLE starts to build from deep within it.
Fleance squares himself up, breath trembling. He begins to
walk towards the mist, the sword’s tip trailing in the ash
behind him.
We track with him as he raises the weapon, heavy in his hand,
and breaks to a RUN -- a sprint, wild, panting desperately -when finally we PLUNGE WITH HIM INTO THE WHITENESS and...
SNAP TO BLACK

FOR

YOUR

CO N S I D E R AT I O N

BEST ADAPTED SCREENPLAY
Todd Louiso, Jacob Koskoff, Michael Lesslie
Based on the play Macbeth
by William Shakespeare

www.TWCAwards.com

