
	The Lion, The Witch And The Wardrobe



Transcribed by Stuart C.



Scene: Bombing London

(Random German Ejaculations)

Mrs. Pevensie: Edmund Get Away from there! What do you think you're 
doing?!

Peter!

Peter: (grabs Edmund) Come on! To the shelter, now!

Susan: (grabs things from next to her bed with a flashlight, notices 
Lucy in bed): Lucy, come on! Lucy!

(Pevensies are running to the shelter, we hear them shouting, Hurry up! 
and RUN!.)

Edmund turns around, as if forgetting something.

Edmund: Wait, dad!

(Run inside, grabs picture gets blown against the wall)

Peter: Come on idiot (Throws Edmund onto the ground and starts 
shouting) Why do you always have to be so selfish! You only think about 
yourself. Why can't you ever do as you're told!

(Peter slams the shelter door)

Scene: Train station...

ANNOUNCER: Attention, would all parents ensure that their parents have 
the appropriate identification papers.

Mrs. Pevensie (to Lucy): You warm enough? Now honey you have to keep 
this on you. Be sure and keep this on.

Edmund: If Dad were here, the war would be over, and we wouldn't have 
to go

Peter: If dad wasn't fighting and the war was over we wouldn't have to 
go.

Mrs. Pevensie: You will listen to your brother, won't you Edmund?

Mrs. Pevensie (to Peter): Look after the others

Peter: I will mum

Mrs. Pevensie: You be a big girl now Susan,

Mrs. Pevensie: There now... off you go.

Peter (To Lucy): Come on, we've got to stay together now. Everything's 
going to be okay

Susan: Peter! (Susan Snatches papers)

Edmund: I know how to get on a train

Peter: Bye Mom, we'll miss you

Mrs. Pevensie: Good-Bye my darlings

Scene: middle of nowhere

Susan: The Professor knew we were coming?

Edmund: Perhaps we've been incorrectly labeled?

Peter: Mrs. Macready?

Mrs. Macready: I'm afraid so. Is that it then? Haven't you brought 
anything else?

Peter: No, ma'am. It's just us.

Mrs. Macready: Small favours.

Scene: in the house

(While driving the horse over the lawn, some comments like giddy up, 
good girl)

Mrs. Macready: The professor is unaccustomed to having children in his 
house, and as such, there are a few rules we need to follow. There will 
be no shouting' or running', no improper use of the dumbwaiter, NO 
touching of the historical artifacts and above all, there shall be no 
disturbing' of the Professor.

Radio-man (Douglas Gresham): German aircraft carried out several 
attacks on Great Britain last night

Lucy: The sheets feel scratchy

Susan: Wars don't last forever, Lucy. We'll be home soon.

Edmund: If home's still there.

Susan: Isn't time you were in bed?

Edmund: YES, Mom! [Mum]

Peter (to Edmund): ED!

(To Lucy) You saw the outside. This place is huge. We'll be able to do 
whatever we want.  Tomorrow's going to be great. Really. 

Scene: *boring*

(Rain pattering on window)

Susan: Gas-tro-vas-cu-lar.

Come on, Peter Gas-tro-vas-cu-lar

Peter: Is it Latin?

Susan: Yes…

Edmund: Is it Latin for worst game ever invented?

Lucy: We could play hide-and-seek

Peter: but we're already having so much fun!

Lucy: Please, please, please.

Peter: One...two...three...four...

Edmund: (pushes Lucy): Get out! I was here first!

(Lucy finds wardrobe with Peter counting in the background).

Peter: Eight four, eighty five...

Scene: Lucy in Wardrobe/Narnia

Lucy: (Gasp)

(Looks behind and finds Narnia. Tumnus shows up)

Lucy and Tumnus: AAAUUUGGGGHHHHH!!!

Tumnus (slowly walking out as Lucy picks up packages): Uh, CH... gk, ch 
(random noises)

Lucy: Were you hiding from me?

Tumnus: Huh, um, n..n.. no, I..I... I didn't want to scare you,

Lucy: if you don't mind my asking...what are you?

Tumnus: Why, I'm a faun! And you must be some beardless dwarf?

Lucy: I'm not a dwarf, I'm a girl! And actually I'm tallest in my 
class.

Tumnus: But you're saying, you're a daughter of Eve?

Lucy: Well, my mum's name is Helen...

Tumnus: Yes, but you are, in fact, human.

Lucy: Of course.

Tumnus: What are you doing here?

Lucy: Well, I came in through the wardrobe in the spare room, and-

Tumnus: Spare Oom, is that in Narnia?

Lucy: Narnia? What's that?

Tumnus: My dear girl, you're in it!  Everything from the lamp post, all 
the way to castle Cair Paravel on the Eastern Sea, every stick and 
stone, every icicle, is Narnia,

Lucy: This is an awfully big wardrobe

Tumnus: I'm sorry, please allow me to introduce myself, my name is 
Tumnus

Lucy: Glad to meet you, Mr. Tumnus! *extends hand* I'm Lucy Pevensie.   
Oh, you shake it!

Tumnus: Why?

Lucy: I-I don't know! People do it when they meet each other.

Tumnus: Lucy Pevensie, from the shining city of War Drobe in the far 
land of Spare Oom, how would it be if you came and had tea with me?

Lucy: Oh! Well, thank you very much! But I probably should be getting 
back...

Tumnus: Oh, come on! It's not every day I get to make a new friend! And 
there's a... roaring fire! And toast and cakes! And maybe... we'll even 
break into the sardines.

Lucy: Well, maybe for just a little while... if you have... sardines.

Tumnus: By the bucket load,

Tumnus: Come Along.

Scene: In Tumnus' house:

Lucy: Can I help you with that?

Tumnus: Why thank you!

(Lucy looks at picture)

Tumnus: Oh... That is my father.

Lucy: He had a nice face. You look just like him.

Tumnus: No, were not alike at all really.

Lucy: My father is fighting in the war.

Tumnus: My father went away to war too... but that was a very long time 
ago... before this dreadful winter.

Lucy: Winter isn't all bad. There's ice skating and snow ball fights. 
Oh! And Christmas!

Tumnus: We haven't had Christmas in a hundred years here.

Lucy: (shocked) No presents for a hundred years?

Tumnus: But, oh, you would have loved Narnia in spring! The Dryads and 
the Fauns would dance all night... but we never got tired. And oh, the 
music! Such music. Would you... like to hear some now?

Lucy: yes please

Tumnus: (gets flute out) Now, are you familiar with the Narnia 
lullabies?

Lucy: (shakes her head): No, I'm afraid I'm not

Tumnus: Good, because this probably won't sound anything like one.

Lucy: Oh I must go

Tumnus: It's too late for that now I'm such a bad faun

Lucy: No. You're the nicest faun I've ever met.

Tumnus: Then I'm afraid you've had a very poor sampling.

Lucy: I'm sure you're very sorry, and you'll never do it again.

Tumnus: It's not something I have done, Lucy Pevensie. It's something 
I'm doing.

Lucy: What are you doing?

Tumnus: I'm kidnapping you. It's the White Witch, the one that makes it 
always winter, and never Christmas. She told me that I If I ever was to 
come across a son of Adam or a daughter of Eve, I am supposed to turn 
it over to her!

Lucy: But I thought you were my friend

Scene: Tumnus and Lucy outside/return to England

Tumnus: We must move quietly the woods are full of her spies, even some 
of the trees are on her side

Lucy: I think so. (Tumnus starts to return her handkerchief, but she 
gives it back) Keep it, you need it more than I do.

(Tumnus laughs, and touches Lucy's nose...)

Mr. Tumnus: Go...   Come on, go!

(Lucy runs off, and Mr. Tumnus returns to his home)

(Lucy heads for the wardrobe)

Scene: Back in England

Peter (background): 98, 99, 100... Ready or not here I come.

Lucy: I'm back, I'm back, it's alright,

Edmund: Shhh, he's coming.

Peter: You know, I'm not sure if you two have quite gotten the idea of 
this game!

Lucy: but weren't you wondering where I was?

Edmund: That's the point! That's why he was seeking you!

Susan: Does this mean I win?

Peter: I don't think Lucy wants to play anymore.

(Susan looks in the wardrobe..)

Susan: The only wood in here is the back of the wardrobe.

Peter: One game at a time Lu, we don't all have your imagination.

Lucy: But I wasn't imagining!

Susan: that's enough

Edmund: Well I believe you.

Lucy: You do?

Edmund: Yah, didn't I tell you about the football field I found in the 
bathroom closet?

Peter: Why don't you just stop it, you always have to make everything 
worse. Grow up!

Edmund (gets angry): Shut up! You think you're dad, but you're not! 
(storms out)

Susan: well, that was nicely handled! (walks away too..)

Lucy: It was really there… 

Peter: Susan's right. That's enough..

Scene: that evening…/Edmund enters Narnia and meets WW

(Lucy closes the wardrobe and she dissolves to night)

(Pan down on candle burning out, Lucy gets out boots and not slippers 
and takes candle.)

(Flushing toilet as Edmund comes out and sees Lucy)

(Follows her to wardrobe Candle blows out when she opens it and walks 
in as Edmund does)

Edmund: Lucy, Lucy. I hope you're not afraid of the dark (shuts door)

Lucy, Lucy?

(Edmund is soon in Narnia, he walks around... and is amazed by it all)

Edmund: Lucy? Lucy! I think I believe you now!

(Hears bells)

Edmund: Lucy?

Dwarf: Yah! (whipping sound)

(Edmund dives out of the way into the snow and then the dwarf jumps out 
and throws a whip around Edmunds legs)

(Dwarf puts knife to Edmund's throat)

White Witch: What is it Ginarrbrik?

Edmund: He won't let go!

Dwarf: Is that how you address the Queen of Narnia?

Edmund: I didn't know?

Dwarf: Well, you shall know her better afterwards.

White Witch: Wait! What is your name Son-of-Adam?

Edmund: Edmund, your majesty.

White Witch: And how was it, Edmund, that you came to enter my 
dominion?

Edmund: I walked through a wardrobe following my sister.

White Witch: Your sister? How many are you?

Edmund: four

White Witch: Edmund you look so cold! Come and sit with me here on my 
sledge. (Edmund joins her) Now, would like something warm to drink.

Edmund: Yes...your majesty.(Take vial and drops a green drop on snow 
that become a hot drink that the dwarf gives Edmund) How did you do 
that?

White Witch: I can make anything you like.

Edmund: Could you make me taller?

White Witch: I can make anything you like to eat

Edmund: Turkish Delight

(Drop once again comes down and makes the box of Turkish Delight and 
the Dwarf gives it to Edmund)

White Witch: I'd love to see your family

Edmund: They're nothing special

White Witch: I have no children of my own and you are such a good 
little boy (I never could hear those words right) where I could see, 
one day, you becoming prince of Narnia - maybe even king.

Edmund: (mouth full) Really?

White Witch: (nods) Of course you'd have to bring your family.

Edmund: They're nothing special

Edmund: Oh, Peter will be king too?

White Witch: No! But a king needs servants.

Edmund: I-I guess I could bring 'em.

White Witch: Beyond these woods, do you see those two little hills? My 
house is right between them. You'd love it there Edmund, it has whole 
rooms simply stuffed with Turkish Delight!

Edmund: Couldn't I have some more now?

White Witch: NO! (smiles) Don't want to ruin you appetite.

White Witch: I'm going to miss you Edmund. But we are going to see each 
other soon.

Edmund: I hope so.

White Witch: Until then...dear one. (WW drives of and Ed is left alone)

Lucy: Edmund? Oh Edmund!!!! (hugs her brother) I saw Mr. Tumnus again 
and he's fine!!! The White Witch hasn't found out about him helping me!

Edmund: The White Witch?

Lucy: She calls herself the Queen of Narnia, but she really isn't. 
Edmund? Are you okay? You look awful.

Edmund: Well what do you expect! It's freezing! How do we get out of 
here?

Lucy: Come on...this way.

Scene: back in England

Lucy: (turns on the light and jumps on Peter) Peter, Peter wake up! 
It's there, it's really there!

Peter: (rolls over still half asleep) Lucy, what are talking about?

Lucy: Narnia! It's all in the wardrobe, like I told you!

(Susan comes in)

Susan: Oh Lucy, you've been dreaming.

Lucy: No I wasn't, I saw Mr. Tumnus again! Oh, and this time - Edmund 
went too.

Peter: You saw the faun?

Lucy: Well, he didn't actually go there with me. What were you doing 
Edmund?

Edmund: I-I was just playing along. You know what little children are 
like these days, they just don't know when to stop pretending (sits on 
his bed looking smugly at Lucy)

(Lucy starts to cry and runs out of the room. Susan runs after her and 
so does Peter - who shoves Edmund over)

Edmund: Ow!

(Lucy runs down the hall and smack into the Professor, she looks up a 
little frightened and then starts her crying all over again, hugging 
him)

Mrs. Macready: You children are one shenanigan shy of sleeping' in the 
stable- oh, Professor! I told them you were not to be disturbed.

Professor: Oh, it's alright Mrs. Macready - I'm sure there's a logical 
explanation. But I think this one needs some hot chocolate.

Mrs. Macready: Yes Professor. Come on, dear.

(Mrs. Macready takes Lucy down the hall. Peter and Susan turn to go)

Professor: *Ahem* (the two turn and follow him into his office and the 
Professor sits at his desk and takes some tobacco out of it's silver 
apple case and puts it in his pipe)

Professor: You seem to have upset the internal balance of my 
housekeeper.

Peter: We are very sorry sir, it won't happen again.

Susan: It's our sister sir, Lucy.

Prof: The weeping girl?

Susan: Yes sir, she's upset.

Professor: Hence the weeping

Peter: We can handle it! (takes Susan's sleeve)

Professor: Oh, I can see that.

Susan: She thinks she's found a magical land in the upstairs wardrobe.

Professor: What did you say!?

Peter: The wardrobe upstairs, Lucy thinks she's found a forest inside.

(Susan and Peter sit on a couch and the Professor sits in a chair 
across from them)

Professor: What was it like?

Susan: Like talking to a lunatic!

Professor: No, not her - the forest!

Peter: You're-you're not saying you believe her?

Professor: No, not her - the forest!

Peter: You....you actually believe her?

Professor: Well don't you?

Susan: Well, logically it couldn't possibly be there!

Professor: What do they teach at these schools?

Peter: Edmund said they were only pretending

Professor: And he's the more truthful one is he?

Peter: No, this would be the first time.

Professor: Well then, id your sister isn't lying and isn't mad then 
logically we must assume that she is telling the truth. She's your 
sister, isn't she? You're a family! It's high time you start acting 
like one!


Scene: Cricket

Peter: Peter winds up, goes for the bowl!

(ball hits Edmund in the leg)

Edmund (rubs his leg): Ow!

Peter: Whoops! Wake up, Dolly Daydream!

Edmund: Can't we play hide and go seek again?

Peter: I thought you said that it was a kid's game.

Susan: Besides, we can all use the fresh air.

Edmund: Not like there's air inside

Peter: Are you ready then?

Edmund: Are you? (smacks his bat on the ground and gets ready to hit 
the ball)

(Peter pitches the ball, hard, and Edmund whacks it good and it smashes 
through an upstairs window and crashes into a suit of armor)

Scene: upstairs

(The children are looking at the broken window and the suit of armor on 
the floor)

Peter: Well done, Ed!

Edmund: You bowled it!

Susan: Listen, Mrs. Macready is coming

Peter: Run!

Edmund: (runs to the wardrobe and opens the door) Come on!

Susan: You have got to be joking.

Peter: Go!

Susan: Get back!

(sounds of kids griping)

(Susan and Peter fall backwards.)

Scene: In Narnia!

Susan: Impossible!

Lucy: Don't worry, it's probably just your imagination

Peter: I don't suppose saying we're sorry would quite cover it?

Lucy: No, it wouldn't. But this might!

(Lucy nails Peter in the face with a snowball, he throws one back at 
her and a snowball fight

begins. Susan hits Ed in the arm with one)

Edmund: Ow! (rubs his arm) Stop it! (They all realize that Ed lied)

Peter: You little liar!

Edmund: You didn't believe her either!

Peter: Apologize to Lucy. (He just looks at her)

Peter: Say you're sorry! (Peter steps up to him)

Edmund: Alright! I'm sorry.

Lucy: That's alright, some little children just don't know when to stop 
pretending. (looks at him smugly)

Edmund: (mutters): Very funny.

Susan: Maybe we should go back

Edmund: Can't we at lease take a look around?

Peter: I think Lucy must decide!

Lucy: I all want you to meet Mr. Tumnus!

Peter: Well Mr. Tumnus it is (walks into the wardrobe again)

Susan: We can't just walk around in these clothes!

Peter: (comes out) We can use these coats.

Susan: Peter, they don't belong to us.

Peter: Well I don't think the professor will mind. And if you think 
about it logically we are not even taking them out of the wardrobe. 
(Hands coat to Edmund)

Edmund: But that's a girl's coat!

Peter: I know.

Scene: discovering Narnia

(Start walking toward Mr. Tumnus' cave through snow)

End of line of Lucy: ...and tea and... (Sees open door and runs off)

Peter: LUCY!

(They all run to Tumnus' house)

Lucy: Who would do something like this?

(Edmund steps on broken picture of Tumnus's dad)

Susan: Peter what is that on the wall?

Peter reads: The Former occupant of these premises, the Faun Tumnus, is 
under arrest and awaiting his trial on a charge of High Treason against 
her imperial Majesty Jadis, Queen of Narnia, Chatelaine of Cair 
Paravel, Empress of the Lone Islands, also to comforting her said 
Majesty's enemies, harbouring spies and fraternizing with Humans. 
signed Maugrim, captain of the Secret Police, Long live the Queen.

Susan: Now we should really go.

Lucy: But we have to help him!

Peter: It's out of our hands now Lu.

Lucy: You don't get it do you? I'm the human!!! He helped ME!

Peter: Maybe we should call the police

Susan: These are the police!

Edmund: Besides, he's a criminal!

Peter (to Lucy): Don't worry Lucy, we'll think of something

Robin: Psst!

Susan: Did that bird just 'psst' us?

Scene: outside again

(They step outside, they hear rustles from the bushes. Mr. Beaver 
approaches)

Lucy: It's a beaver.

(Peter approaches the beaver, clicking his tongue)

Peter: Here, boy *clicks* come here...*clicks*

(Peter let's out his hand, Mr. Beaver stares at it then sits upright)

Mr.Beaver: Well, I ain't gonna smell it if that's what you want!

Edmund: It's a talking beaver!

Mr.Beaver: Lucy Pevensie?

Lucy: Yes?

(Mr. Beaver hands her the handkerchief)

Lucy: This is the handkerchief I gave to Mr-

Mr. Beaver: Tumnus. He gave it to me just before they took him.

Lucy: Is he alright?

Mr. Beaver: Further in.(Mr. Beaver scurries off, Susan grabs Peter by 
the arm)

Susan: Peter, we don't know what you are doing.

Edmund: She's right. How do we know we can trust this beaver?

Peter: He say's he knows the faun.

Susan: He's a beaver...he shouldn't be saying anything!

Mr. Beaver: Is everything alright?

Peter: Yes. We were just talking

Mr. Beaver: That's better left for safer corners.

Lucy: He means the trees.

(Walk to Beaver's dam through the cliffs under a bridge and then they 
see the Dam)

Mr. Beaver: There is home sweet home.

Lucy: Oh, what a beautiful dam Mr. Beaver.

Mr. Beaver: Merely a trifle.

Mrs. Beaver: Is that you Beaver? I find out you've been out with Badger 
again I'll...Oh, they're not Badgers. I never thought I would see this 
day

(to Mr. Beaver) You couldn't give me ten minutes warning...look at this 
fur.

Mr. Beaver: I would have given you a week if I thought it would help 
(hee hee)

Mrs. Beaver: Well you must be cold and hungry. Let's get you inside for 
some food and civilized conversation.

(Lucy, Susan & Peter follow Mrs. Beaver inside, Edmund see's Jadis's 
castle...right where it's suppose to be)

Mr. Beaver: Enjoying the scenery, are we?

(Edmund shakes off that comment, & enters the dam. Mr. Beaver follows 
him)

Scene: in the beavers house

Mrs. Beaver (to Lucy): Fish and sticks, dear.

Peter: is there nothing we can do about Mr. Tumnus?

Mrs. Beaver: well.. there's hope!

Mr. Beaver: Yeah, there's a load full of hope... Aslan is on the move.

Edmund: Who's Aslan?

(Mr. Beaver laughs.. Mrs. Beaver sees they are serious and lays her 
hand on Mr. Beaver)

Mr. Beaver: Aslan....you silly little blighter.....you don't know do 
you?

Peter: Well we haven't actually been here very long

Mr. Beaver: He's only the king the whole wood, the true king of 
Narnia.... and he's waiting for you!

Lucy: waiting for us?

Beaver: You got to be joking! Look, Aslan's return, Tumnus' 
arrest.....the secret police! They're all happening because of you!

Susan: You're blaming us?

Mrs. Beaver: Not blaming you dear, thanking you.

Beaver: There's....a prophecy, When Adam's flesh and Adam's bone sits 
in if Cair Paravel in throne the evil is over and done.

Susan: You know that doesn't really rhyme.

Mr. Beaver: I know, but you're missing the point!

Mrs. Beaver: It's long been told that two sons of Adam and two 
daughters of Eve will appear to defeat the White Witch, and restore 
peace to Narnia.

Peter: And you think we're the ones???

Mr. Beaver: Well you'd better be, Aslan's already fitted out your 
army!!!

Peter: I think you've made a mistake; we're not heroes!

Susan: We're from Finchley!

Peter: I think it's time we were going.

Lucy: But what about Mr. Tumnus?

Peter: Sorry Lucy. It's out of our hands.

Susan: Thank you for your hospitality.

Peter: Ed, time to go- Ed? (looks around the room) I'm going to kill 
him.

Mr. Beaver: You may not have to...Has Edmund been to Narnia before?

(Shot of Ed walking to the Witch's castle without his coat - shot of 
the others trying to catch up to him)

Peter: Hurry up!

(They reach the top of the hill and see Ed going through the Witch's 
castle gates)

Lucy: (shouting) Edmund!

Mr. Beaver: Shh! They'll hear ya!

(Peter starts to run after Edmund but Mr. Beaver grabs him by the 
sleeve of his coat)

Peter: Get off me!

Peter: We just can't let him go!

Beaver: Don't you get it?! He's the bait! She wants all of ya in 
there!!! To kill ya!

Susan: This is all your fault! None of this would have happened if you 
had just listened to me in the first place!

Peter: So you knew this would happen?

Susan: I didn't know what would happen...

Lucy: Stop, this fighting isn't going to help Edmund

Beaver: She's right. Only Aslan can save him now.

Peter: Then take us to him.

Scene: Edmund at the Witch's house

(Edmund is walking through the courtyard and see's Giant Rumblebuffin. 
He walks further in and see's a stone lion - he draws glasses and a 
moustache on it)

(Edmund continues through the courtyard, he steps over what he thinks 
is a log of some sort...only to be lurched on by Maugrim!)

Maugrim: Stand still stranger!

Edmund: I'm a Son of Adam, I met the Queen in the woods!

(Maugrim gets off him)

Maugrim: My apologies, fortunate favourite of the queen - or perhaps 
not so fortunate.

(walks into the throne-room)

Maugrim: Wait here (Edmund sees the glorious throne, and sits on it 
longingly. Then, the witch comes up behind him and says, scaring him 
half to death.)

White Witch: You like it!

Edmund: (he jumps up startled) Ye... yes, your majesty!

White Witch: I thought you might

White Witch: Tell me, you sisters, are they deaf?

Edmund: No

White Witch: and your brother, unintelligent?

Edmund: Well I think so, but mom says...

White Witch: Then how dare you come alone! Edmund, I ask so little of 
you

Edmund: They just don't listen to me!

White Witch: Couldn't even do that!

Edmund: I...I did bring them half way. There at the dam at the house of 
the beaver's!

White Witch: Well...I guess your not a total lost then.

 (Edmund approaches again)

Edmund: Is there any chance I may have some more Turkish delight now?

White Witch: Ginnabrick, our guest is hungry

Ginnabrick: This way...for your num nums...

White Witch: Maugrim!!!! You know what to do....

(Maugrim let's out a howl, Edmund realizes the horrible truth as wolves 
surround the castle...they charge from the castle)

Scene: back at the beavers house

Maugrim: Take them

Mr.Beaver: Hurry Mum, they are after us!

Mrs. Beaver: right then...

Susan: What is she doing?

Mrs. Beaver: Don't worry, you'll thank you me later. it's a long 
journey and a beaver gets cranky when he's hungry.

Beaver: I'M CRANKY NOW!

Susan: Do you think we should bring jam?

Peter: Only if the Witch has toast.

(Goes inside the tunnel)

Mr. Beaver: This should lead to Aslan's

Mrs. Beaver: I thought it lead to your mums!

(Lucy falls…howling)

Lucy: They're in the tunnel!

(run further, comes to dead end)

Mrs. Beaver: You should have brought a map!

Beaver: There was no room next to the jam!

(He jumps out of the hole. Everyone else follow. Once Peter gets out, 
Lucy falls on a bunch of stone things).

(Lucy gets up! They all see stone animals!)

Mr. Beaver(looks at a stone animal): He was my best mate! (cries)

Susan: What happened to them?

Fox: This is what happens to the enemies of the White Witch.

Mr. Beaver: Stand still there traitor.

Fox: Relax, I'm one of the good guys

Mr. Beaver: Well you look mighty like one of the bad guys.

Fox: An unfortunate family resemblance, but we can discuss family 
breeding later right now we need to move.

Peter: What do you suggest?

(Fox looks up)

(The Fox stays on lower ground, The Beavers & the children are in a 
tree...the wolves approach)

(Wolves break through barrier as Fox is out in centre)

Fox: Evening gents, Did we lose something?

Wolf: Don't patronized me, I know where your allegiance lies. We are 
looking for some humans

Fox: Humans in Narnia, now that's some valuable information

Maugrim: Where are they?!!!

(Lucy cries out, Peter shushes her)

(the fox looks around hopelessly , and then hangs his head in shame)

Fox : They , they , were heading North .

Maugrim : Quickly , smell them out .

(they cast aside the fox , where he lays whimpering on the ground)

(Mrs. Beaver is patching up the Fox, as the children listen to his 
tale)

Lucy: are you all right?

Fox: Well, I wish I could say their bark was worse than their bite.

(He winces in pain, and continues to talk)

Mrs. Beaver: Stop squirming! You're worse than beaver on bath day

Mr. Beaver: Worst day of the year

Fox: Well I am afraid that is all the healing I have time for.

Susan: You're leaving?

Fox: It has been a pleasure my Queen. I have been asked by Aslan 
HIMSELF to gather more troops.

Mr. Beaver: You've seen Aslan!

Mrs. Beaver: What is He like?

Fox: Like everything we have ever heard. He'll be a good help fighting 
the White Witch

Susan: We are not planning fighting any witch

Fox: Surely King Peter...

Peter: We just want to get our brother back.

Scene: back to the Witches house.. in the dungeon

(Edmund, in chains at the witches palace. He attempts to eat the food 
he is given, but coughs and spits it out, because of its taste. He then 
attempts to drink a cup, which is frozen. He then throws it on the 
tray.)

Mr. Tumnus: Are you gonna eat that? (from the other prison)

(Edmund gives him the food)

Edmund: Mr... Tumnus.

Mr. Tumnus: Your Lucy Pevensies brother.

Edmund: I'm Edmund!

Mr. Tumnus: You have the same nose.

(Edmund rubs his nose)

Mr. Tumnus: Is your sister alright? (no answer) Is she safe?

Edmund: I... I don't know!

(White Witch comes in and they go back to their places)

White Witch: My wolves tore that dam apart, your little family was 
nowhere to be found. (Lifts Edmund off the ground) Where are they?!

Edmund: I don't know..

White Witch: Then you are no longer any use to me...Guard

Edmund: Wait they said something about Aslan

White Witch: Aslan! Where?

Mr. Tumnus: Stranger has only been in Narnia a short...(Hit in head)

Edmund: I left before I could hear anymore...I wanted to see you again.

White Witch: Guard!

Guard: Yes, your majesty

White Witch: Release the Faun (Guard hit chains and Tumnus cries out in 
pain as they drop him by the Witch) Do you know why you are here?

Mr. Tumnus: Because I believe in a free Narnia

(Witch stares at him coldly)

White Witch: You're here because he (points at Edmund) turned you 
in...for sweeties. (turns to dwarf and guard) Take him (Tumnus) 
upstairs and ready my sleigh, Edmund misses his family.

Scene: the rock bridge

Mr. Beaver: Now Aslan's camp is just over there by the stone table just 
across the frozen river.

Susan: River?

Mrs. Beaver: It's been frozen for 100 years

Peter: It seems so far

Mrs. Beaver: It's the world dear, did you expect it to be small?

Susan: Smaller...

(Continue their journey)

Scene: Back to Edmund

(Dwarf brings Edmund up and he sees Tumnus turned to stone)

White Witch: Whenever you are ready Son-of-Adam.

(Sleigh goes off into forest with Edmund looking at the cold White 
Witch)

Scene: Father Christmas

Mr. Beaver: Come on, before we're old

Peter: If he tells me to Hurry up one more time I'm going to turn him 
into a big fluffy hat

Mr. Beaver: Hurry up Son-of-Adam! We don't have all day.

Lucy: He is getting kinda bossy

(Bells ringing)

Mr. Beaver: It's her! Run!

Quick down here!

(few minutes passes)

Lucy: Maybe she's gone.

Peter: I'll go and have a look

Mr. Beaver: No, you're no good to Narnia dead.

Mrs. Beaver: Neither are you Beaver.

Mr. Beaver: Thanks dear.

(Long pause and some noise then...)

Mr. Beaver: AHHH!....

Lucy: AHHH!

Mr. Beaver: I hope you've been good, because there is someone here to 
see you.

(Father Christmas stands there)

Lucy: Merry Christmas, Sir!

Father Christmas: It certainly is, Lucy. Thanks to you.

Susan: I thought there was no Christmas in Narnia.

Father Christmas: It hasn't been for a hundred years. But now the 
Witch's power is crumbling. (he goes to his bag and throws it to the 
ground)

Lucy: Presents!

Father Christmas: Lucy, Eve's Daughter. These are for you. The juice of 
the fire flower. If you, or one of your friends are wounded, one drop 
of this cordial will restore them. And though I do not expect you to 
use it, this.

Lucy: Well, I think I could be brave enough.

Father Christmas: I'm sure you could. But battles are ugly affairs. 
Eve's

Daughter, Susan. Trust in this bow, for it does not easily miss.

Susan: What happened to, 'battles are ugly affairs?'

Father Christmas: And, though you don't seem to have trouble making 
yourself heard, this. When you put this horn to your lips and blow it, 
wherever you are, help will come.

Susan: Thanks.

Father Christmas: And, Peter. These are tools, not toys. The time to 
use them may be soon at hand.

Father Christmas: Bare them well! I best be off, winter is almost over 
and things do pile up when you've been gone a thousand years. Long live 
Aslan! (he gets in his sleigh and rides off)

The children: Bye... Merry Christmas!

Lucy (to Peter): Told you he was real!

Peter: Did you hear what he said... winter is almost over. You no what 
that means... no more ice!

Scene: crossing the river

Susan: Wait, maybe we should think about this.

Peter: We don't have time.

Susan: I was just trying to be realistic

Peter: No, you're trying to be smart...as usual!

(crossing the ice)

Mr. Beaver: Wait, maybe I should go first.

Peter: Maybe you should.

Mrs. Beaver: You've been sneaking second helpings haven't you?

Mr Beaver: Well you never know what meal is gonna be your last, 
especially with your cooking.

Susan: if mum knew what we were doing...

Peter: Mum's not here!!!

Lucy: (sees wolves) Oh no!

Peter: Run!!!!!

(Wolves leap infront of them, growling & sneering...)

Maugrim : Put that down boy , someone might get hurt .

Mr. Beaver : ( pinned down )Don't worry about me ! Slit his throat !

Maugrim : Leave now while you can , and you're brother leaves with you.

Susan : Stop Peter , maybe we should listen to him !

Maugrim : Smart girl .

Mr. Beaver : Don't listen to him . Kill him . Kill him now !

Susan: Look, just because some man in a red suit hands you a sword 
doesn't make you a hero! So just drop it!

Beaver: No Peter! Narnia need ya!

Maugrim: What's it gonna be Son of Adam? We're not going to wait for 
ever. And neither is the river.

Lucy: PETER!!!!

Peter: Hold onto me!

(Stabs sword into the ice, and they float away...)

(They get to shore. Peter has Lucy's coat in hand, but no Lucy.)

Susan: What have you done?!

All call out: Lucy!

Lucy (off-screen): Has anyone seen my coat?

Mr. Beaver: Your brother has you well looked after.

(Everyone laughs and embraces.)

Mrs. Beaver: I don't think you'll be needing those coats any more!

(Walk through and see spring coming about and flowers budding as they 
leave there coats and head toward Aslan's Camp)

Scene: Back to the waterfall, the Witch, Edmund and Dwarf

Dwarf: It's so warm here! (Cold look from Witch) I think I'll go check 
the sleigh.

Wolf: We found the traitor (Carrying the Fox) He was gathering troops 
near the sharwood forest.

White Witch: Nice of you to drop by. I understand you were so helpful 
to my wolves last night.

Fox: Forgive me your majesty

White Witch: Don't waste my time with flattery.

Fox: Not to seem rude, but I wasn't actually talking to you (Looks at 
Edmund)

White Witch: (Looks first to Edmund and than at Fox) Where is ASLAN! 
Answer me! (About to hit him with wand)

Edmund: Wait! The Beavers said something about the Stone Table and an 
army.

White Witch: Thank you Edmund. It is good for this creature to see some 
honesty before he dies..

Edmund: NO!(Fox to stone and White Slaps Edmund across face)

White Witch: Think who's side you are on. MINE...(turns his head) Or 
theirs? If it is a war Aslan wants (turns butterfly to stone) It's a 
war he shall get.

Scene: at Aslan's camp

Susan: Why are they all staring at us?

Lucy: Maybe they think you look funny.

(Peter smiles)

Mr. Beaver: Oh stop your fussing Mrs. Beaver. You look lovely.

(Peter pulls out sword)

Peter: (To Oreius) We have come to see Aslan.

(Tent starts to blow in breeze and everyone kneels. Aslan comes from 
the tent and the children kneel)

Aslan: Welcome Peter Adam's son, Welcome Susan and Lucy daughters-of-
Eve. Welcome Beavers.  You have my thanks, but where is the fourth.

Peter: That's why we are here.

Susan: We had a little trouble along the way.

Peter: He's been captured by the White Witch

Crowd: Captured!

Mr. Beaver: He betrayed them your Excellence!

Oreius: Then he has betrayed us all

Aslan: Peace Oreius.

Peter: It is my fault really. I was too hard on him.

Susan: We all were.

Lucy: Sir, he's our brother.

Aslan: I know dear and that makes the betrayal all the worse. It may be 
harder than you think

Scene: Peter and Aslan on hill

Aslan: That is Cair Paravel of the four thrones one of which you must 
sit as High King.

Peter: (...)

Aslan: You doubt the prophecy

Peter: No, that's just it...you're not who I think I am

Aslan: Peter Pevensie formerly of Finnchley. Beaver also said you 
wanted to turn him into a hat.

(light laughes) Peter there is a Deep Magic that rules over Narnia. It 
defines right from wrong and helps us fulfill destinies, both yours and 
mine.

Peter: I don't think I will be able.

Aslan: You were able to get your family here.

Peter: Not all of them.

Aslan: I will do what I can for Edmund. I too want my family safe.

Scene: Susan and Lucy are going down to the river

Susan: Mother hasn't had a dress like this since before the war

Lucy: Maybe we had bring back a whole trunk load when we go home.

Susan: If we go home...Sorry I guess I am like that. Remember when we 
use to have fun?

Lucy: Yes, before you go boring.

Susan: Oh really (Splashes water and this continues as Susan goes to 
get towel and...)

WOLVES

Wolf: Now, We're very tired. We'd prefer to kill you quickly.

(Throws towel)

Cut to: Peter and Aslan

(Susan's horn is blown, Peter runs to her direction, Aslan follows him)

Cut to: Susan and Lucy

(Susan and Lucy are in a tree and wolf trying to get them. Peter come 
back through the river)

(Aslan pins the second wolf to the ground and says to his group)

Stay back. This is Peter's battle.

 (The wolf attacks him. And everyone thinks he is dead)

Susan and Lucy: Peter... no!

(They run up to him, and see he is alive and looks disgusted by killing 
the wolf. Aslan lets go the other wolf)

Aslan: Follow him! He'll lead you to Edmund. Peter, clean your sword.

Aslan: Rise, Sir Peter Wolfsbane--Knight of Narnia.

(Peter looks at Aslan in awe)

(All embrace him and are excited about this)

Scene: Witches camp

(Edmund is tied to tree as the Dwarf taunts him)

General Otmin: The Minotaurs on the left, send in the dwarfs first.

(White Witch looks at the plans and then...)

(Aslan's army comes in and there is confusion. White Witch goes through 
camp and see Dwarf to tree, knife in hat and him tied and gagged. She 
takes the knife and looks like she's going to kill him then cuts him 
down)

Dwarf: You're not going to kill him?

White Witch: Not yet! We have work to do (turning to Otmin)

Scene: Morning Aslan's camp

(Aslan and Edmund are on the rock above camp Peter comes out and see 
him and then the girls)

Lucy: EDMUND!

(Peter stops her. Aslan motions Edmund down and they go to the group of 
his siblings)

Aslan: What's done is done. There is no reason to bring up the past 
with your brother.

Edmund: Hello...

Lucy: Oh, Edmund (Hugs him and Susan does too)

Susan: How are you feeling?

Edmund: I'm feeling kinda tired

Peter: Get some rest...and Edmund try not to wander off again.

Some time later, breakfast

Lucy: Narnia isn't going to run out of toast Edmund

Peter: then you better pack some for the journey

Susan: So were going home?

Peter: You are, I promised I'd keep you three safe but there's no 
reason I can't stay and help.

Lucy: but they need us...All four of us

Peter: Lucy it's too dangerous. You almost drowned, Edmund was almost 
killed!

Edmund: Which is why we have to stay.

(All look at him)

Edmund: I've seen what the White Witch can do and I've helped her do 
it, and we can't leave these

people behind to suffer for it.

(Lucy holds Ed's hand)

Susan: Well I guess that's it then. *gets up*

Peter: Where are you going?

Susan: (picks up bow and quiver) To get in some practice.

(Susan and Lucy practice shooting at the target. Then it cuts to Peter 
and Edmund practicing sword fighting)

Peter: Come on Ed, sword hand up like Oreius showed us.

(The beavers come running up. Edmund's horse rears)

Edmund: Whoa horsey!

Horse: My name is Philip.

Edmund(shocked): Oh, sorry

Mr. Beaver: you better come quick the White Witch has requested a 
meeting with Aslan...

Scene: Witch in Aslans camp

Dwarf: Jadis.. Jadis!!!

(Jadis arrives at the camp, Cyclops carry her bed-thingy...She hops 
down, and walks towards Aslan)

Jadis: You have a traitor in your midst, Aslan

(Everyone gasps)

Aslan: His offence was not against you.

White Witch : Have you forgotten the Deep Magic ?

Aslan : Do not cite the Deep Magic to me , Witch . I was there when it 
was made .

White Witch : Then you will know that the boy belongs to me . ( turns 
to crowd ) That boy ( points to Edmund ) will die on the Stone Table .

Peter : Come and take it then .

White Witch : You think that a simple threat will deny me my right , 
little king ? Aslan knows that if I do not have blood as the law 
demands, all of Narnia will be overturned, and perish, in fire and 
water .

Aslan : Enough , I shall talk with you alone .

(time passes and the Witch exits tent)

Aslan: The Witch has denounced her claim on Edmund

(Narnians cheer)

White Witch: How will I know your promise will be kept?

(Aslan roars. the White Witch falls into her seat and the Narnians 
laugh. The WW leaves. Aslan sighs and walks into his tent.)

Scene: that night…

(Lucy is quietly resting, when she see's a shadow...she wakes Susan)

Lucy (whispers): Susan!

(Susan see's the shadow, the two leave their tent. Aslan is leaving the 
camp...they follow him. and

follow him...and follow him. Until-)

Aslan: Aren't you suppose to be in bed?

Lucy: We couldn't sleep

Susan: Please, Aslan. Couldn't we come with you?

Aslan: I would be glad of the company tonight.

(walk further)

Aslan: It is time. From now on, I must go on alone. Thank you Susan. 
Thank you Lucy. And farewell.

Lucy: (later after lots of jeers towards Aslan as he walks to the Stone 
Table) Why doesn't he fight back?

White Witch: Bind him. Wait. First let him be shaved.

(More jeers and catcalls...)

White Witch: Tonight, the Deep magic will be appeased, but tomorrow, we 
will take Narnia, Forever!

White Witch: You know, Aslan, I'm a little disappointed in you. Did you 
really think that by giving your life you would save the Human boy? Ha. 
You are giving up your life, and saving no one. So much for love.

White Witch: In that knowledge... Despair... and DIE!!!!!!

(She plunges in the knife and Aslan's growls in pain and his eyes 
slowly close)

White Witch: The great cat is DEAD!!

 (Her army cheers loudly)

White Witch (To Otmin): General, gather your army and prepare for 
battle. However short it may be.

(Otmin lets out a huge roar)

Scene: after the White Witch and creatures are gone

(The girls come up and cry and lean on Aslan. Lucy gets an idea, 
unscrews her potion)

Susan: It's too late. He's gone. I'm sure he knew what he was doing.

(then) Susan: We have to go.

Lucy: We can't just leave him here.

Susan: Lucy there's not time. We have to tell the others.

Lucy: The Trees

Back at Aslan's camp in the boys' tent

Dryad: Fear not my princes. I come with tidings of grave news..

(Peter walks out of tent)

Peter: It is true, he's gone

Edmund: Then you'll have to lead us. There's a whole army out there 
waiting to follow you.

Peter: I can't

Edmund: Aslan believed you could. And so do I.

Oreius: what are your orders?

(Peter looks at map… you see the battle field)

Scene: Battle

Gryphon: They come, you highness, in numbers and weapons far greater 
then our own.

Oreius: Numbers do not win a battle

Peter: No, but I bet they help

(Arrival of the Witch's army)

White Witch: I take no interest in prisoners. Kill them all

(Army charges, gryphons attack)

Otman: Look to the sky

(battle truly begins)

Peter: Are you with me?

Orieus: To the death!

Peter: FOR NARNIA, AND FOR ASLAN!!!!

(Peter's Charge begins)

Back to the girls at the Stone Table

(Lucy and Susan wake up)

Susan: We should go.

Lucy: I'm so cold.

(They start walking away...Stone Table cracks)

Lucy: Susan!

Susan: What have they done?

(Aslan appears, sending shivers down EVERYONE'S spine!)

Susan and Lucy: ASLAN!

(Aslan laughs)

Susan: We saw the Witch, the knife.

Aslan: If the Witch knew the true meaning of sacrifice, she might have 
interpreted the Deep Magic a little differently. For she would know 
that if a willing victim who had committed no treachery died in a 
traitors stead, the Stone Table would crack and death itself would 
begin to unwind.

Susan: We sent the word that you were dead. Peter and Edmund would have 
gone to war.

Lucy: (draws knife) We have to help them.

Aslan: We will, but not alone. Now, climb on my back. We have a long 
ways to go and little time to get there. And you might want to cover 
your ears. ROAR!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Back to the battle

Peter: Fall back! Draw them to the rocks!

Beaver: That's the signal! Get ready!

Edmund: FIRE!

Swish! Bang! Grunt! Crash! Clash! Roar! Aaaahhh!!! Ouch!

(Peter falls off his unicorn. Oreius and the rhino charge)

Peter: Stop!

(They don't!)

Oreius charges at the Witch: AAAAAUUUUUUGGGGGHHHHHHH!!!!!

 (Witch ducks attack, parries blades, spins her wand and turns Oreius 
to stone)

Back to Aslan and the girls.. at the Witches house

(Cuts to stone centaur in the Witch's castle. Lucy and Susan are 
looking for Mr. Tumnus. Lucy finds him and starts to cry, while Susan 
hugs her. Aslan walks up and breathes on Mr. Tumnus, and Mr. Tumnus is 
restored. He falls forward into Lucy and Susan's arm)

Lucy: Susan this is...

Susan: MR TUMNUS!!!!

(They hug....then they see Aslan)

Aslan: Come, lets search the castle - others may still be trapped 
inside and Peter will need all the help he can get.

Back to the battle

Peter: Ed! There are too many of them! Go! Get out of here! Get the 
girls, and get them home!

Beaver: Come on, you heard him!

(Ed starts to leave, then sees the Witch. And starts to go back)

Beaver: Peter said to go!

Edmund: Peter's not King yet!

(Edmund rushes down the hill and breaks the witch's sword, then she 
stabs him with the remainders of her wand. so the next thing that is 
actually said is a grunt issued from Edmund and... )

Peter: Edmund!!(silenced)

(Peter and the Witch fight, then they see Aslan)

Witch: Impossible!

(Aslan rushes to kill the Witch, everything disappears)

Aslan: It is finished.

(The three Pevensies reunite)

Susan: Where's Edmund?

(The dwarf hobbles up and is about to finish Edmund)

Susan: Edmund! (shoots arrow, kills the dwarf)

(Edmund coughs and gasps. Lucy pulls out her cordial and places one 
drop on Edmund's lips. He stops moving momentarily before gasping and 
sitting up)

Peter: When are you ever going to do are you're told?

(Laughing and hugging)  (Group Hug) (Lucy gets the idea to heal 
everyone and she walks over too someone else who is hurt. Then you see 
Cair Paravel, and horns blowing. The coronation of the Pevensies began. 
They walk up the aisle happily, and stand next to their cool chairs.)

Aslan: Bring forth the crowns!

(Tumnus and Mr. Beaver bring out the crowns.)

Aslan: (As they put on her crown) To the glistening eastern sea, I give 
you Queen Lucy the Valiant. To the great western woods, (puts his crown 
on) King Edmund the Just. To the radiant southern sun, (puts crown on) 
Queen Susan the Gentle. (crown put on) And to the clear northern skies, 
King Peter the Magnificent. Once a king or Queen of Narnia, always a 
king or queen.

Everyone: Long live King Peter! Long live Queen Susan! Long live King 
Edmund! And long live Queen Lucy!

Aslan walking on the beach in the sunset

(Lucy runs out to the balcony and see him walking away)

Tumnus: We'll see him again.

Lucy: When?

Tumnus: In time...you mustn't press him, He isn't a tame lion...

Lucy: No, but he's good...

Tumnus: Here (pulling a hankie from his person) I think you need this 
more than I do.

(she takes it and sees that Aslan has disappeared and begins to cry 
softly, her and Tumnus hold hands as she looks into the sunset.)

Scene: Years later, out on horses chasing the White Stag. (Edmund slows 
down)

Edmund: You alright there Philip?

Philip: Not as young as I used to be?

Susan: Come on Ed.

Edmund: Just catching my breath

Lucy: What did he say, Susan?

Susan: You girls stay at the castle, I'll go get the stag myself.

Peter: What is this? (they get off their horse)

Susan: It seems like a dream...

Lucy: Or a dream of a dream...Spare Oom

Peter: Not again

Lucy: Come on

Edmund: She always running off

Peter: These aren't branches...

Susan: There coats (Voices start to change)

All: Stop pushing...ah.... (Wardrobe door flies open and all four fall 
on floor, the door to the room opens and the professor walks in with 
the ball)

Professor: There you are. Now what were children doing the wardrobe?

Peter: You wouldn't believe us if we told you (Professor throws ball to 
Peter and with a twinkle in his eye...)

Professor: Try me

Credits

(Wardrobe at night)

(Lucy tries to get into the wardrobe and then...)

Professor: I don't think you'll get back in that way...you see I've 
already tried.

Lucy: Will we ever go back?

Professor: I expect so, probably when you least expect it. What's to 
say Keep your eyes open (They walk out the room and the wardrobe door 
opens a crack and a light and smoke come out and we hear a roar)

THE END!

More credits





	